
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.091863                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 91863209500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5268031288000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20627                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36576                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               46440723                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5583588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1978.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    40802589                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      72350216                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21468992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21468992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12002944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       12002944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       187546                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            187546                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    233706095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            233706095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130661056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           130661056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    364367152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           364367152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335453                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    187546                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335453                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  187546                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21465984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   3008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               12002688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21468992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            12002944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    47                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            21072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            12015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    24693                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     4833                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  91862909000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335453                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              187546                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 135376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  18531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  15900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  14078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  12996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  11892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  10682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   9841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   8451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   7701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  6769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  5931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  5337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  4765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  4233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  3858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  3448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  3209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 26625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  31084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  33355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  34135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  34231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  34170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   6301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   8620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       158715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.871159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.531067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.702500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        53062     33.43%     33.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44841     28.25%     61.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41464     26.12%     87.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7206      4.54%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7147      4.50%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1654      1.04%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1092      0.69%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          877      0.55%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1372      0.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       158715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.621370                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.042096                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31570     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        31577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.939196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.659344                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.322351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          27453     86.94%     86.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2549      8.07%     95.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          902      2.86%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          673      2.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        31577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 27545563170                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            33834425670                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1677030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    82126.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              100876.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      233.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      130.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   233.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   130.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  254518                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 109713                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               58.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    175646.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15177782250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3067480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    73617189000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              604187640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              595697760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              329665875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              325033500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1311460800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1304674800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            608750640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            606521520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         5999990880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         5999990880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        37906740495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        37189144980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21865935750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22495405500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          68626732080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          68516468940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          747.059777                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.859470                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     21068096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          21068096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11593152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11593152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       329189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             329189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       181143                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            181143                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    229342041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            229342041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    126200163                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           126200163                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    355542204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           355542204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     329189                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    181143                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   329189                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  181143                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              21065600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11592896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               21068096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11593152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            21004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           20121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           11067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           11015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    24659                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     4577                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  91862345500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               329189                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              181143                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 132183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  15704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  15100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  14144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  13073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  10827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   9839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   8485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   7703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  6752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  6084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  5486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  4863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  4303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 26546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  29901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  31982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  32717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  32933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  33114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   6482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   8296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       150238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.375418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.938523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.439736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48963     32.59%     32.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40273     26.81%     59.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41328     27.51%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7246      4.82%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7342      4.89%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1704      1.13%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1131      0.75%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          872      0.58%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1379      0.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       150238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.817492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.128135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        30420     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        30426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.953428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.663620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.370644                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          26418     86.83%     86.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2383      7.83%     94.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          941      3.09%     97.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          684      2.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        30426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 27151903795                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            33323466295                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1645750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    82490.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              101240.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      229.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      126.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   229.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   126.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.41                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  251546                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 108501                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               59.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    180005.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15376797500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3067480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    73418271000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              572571720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              563227560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              312415125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              307316625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1288365000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1278950400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            588494160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            585286560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         5999990880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         5999990880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        37396510695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        36441178155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22313505750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23151516750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          68471853330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          68327466930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          745.373791                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.802024                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     21051712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          21051712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11585984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11585984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       328933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             328933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       181031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            181031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    229163689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            229163689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    126122134                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           126122134                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    355285823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           355285823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     328934                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    181031                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   328934                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  181031                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              21049920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11585984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               21051776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11585984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           20054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           11092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    25611                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     4859                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  91863181500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               328934                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              181031                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 132252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  15513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  14936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  14137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  12873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  12117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   9825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   8339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   7608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  6814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  5995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  5472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  4848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  4338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 27439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  29874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  31884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  32673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  32905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  32925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   6409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   8617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       150255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.200466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.933378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.704368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49055     32.65%     32.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39901     26.56%     59.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41657     27.72%     86.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7223      4.81%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7414      4.93%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1726      1.15%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1111      0.74%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          806      0.54%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1362      0.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       150255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.831292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.178643                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        30361     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        30366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.961635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.669675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.374090                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          26235     86.40%     86.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2499      8.23%     94.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          969      3.19%     97.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          663      2.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        30366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 27591403316                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            33758372066                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1644525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    83888.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              102638.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      229.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      126.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   229.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   126.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  251344                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 108331                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               59.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    180136.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15425712000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3067480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    73369276000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              573531840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              562380840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              312939000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              306854625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1287078000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1278349800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            588040560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            585007920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         5999990880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         5999990880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        37289569860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        36370623555                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22407324000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23213417250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          68458474140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          68316624870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          745.228006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.683857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     21040384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          21040384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11589824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11589824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       328756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             328756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       181091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            181091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    229040376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            229040376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    126163935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           126163935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    355204311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           355204311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     328758                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    181091                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   328758                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  181091                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              21039232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11589824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               21040512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11589824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           20317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           20129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           11113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           11031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    25303                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     4771                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  91862465500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               328758                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              181091                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 132173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  15726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  15073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  14138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  12903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  11915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  10770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   9554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   8252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   7406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  6704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  5901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  5267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  4836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  4379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 27039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  29856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  31877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  32685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  33044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  33032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   6313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   8601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       150009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.512283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.164045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.994512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48871     32.58%     32.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40120     26.75%     59.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41463     27.64%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7178      4.79%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7366      4.91%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1668      1.11%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1140      0.76%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          849      0.57%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1354      0.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       150009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30334                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.837212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.696545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        30324     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        30334                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.969902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.674305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.392484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          26225     86.45%     86.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2473      8.15%     94.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          968      3.19%     97.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          668      2.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        30334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 27653009474                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            33816846974                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1643690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    84118.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              102868.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      229.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      126.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   229.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   126.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  251026                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 108790                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               60.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    180175.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15152203000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3067480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    73642768250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              570908520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              563129280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              311507625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              307263000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1285705200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1278404400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            587936880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            585500400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         5999990880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         5999990880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        37139464350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        36350863650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22538985000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23230740000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          68434498455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          68315891610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.967152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          743.676017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               17190056                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 40.876825                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.738873                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                49.846793                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16991089     98.84%     98.84% |      169174      0.98%     99.83% |       27492      0.16%     99.99% |        2246      0.01%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 17190056                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     32034052                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.253220                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.785021                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.358962                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    28947576     90.37%     90.37% |     1936764      6.05%     96.41% |      656438      2.05%     98.46% |      280441      0.88%     99.34% |      119470      0.37%     99.71% |       51313      0.16%     99.87% |       21975      0.07%     99.94% |       10962      0.03%     99.97% |        9113      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      32034052                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            32034046                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              29.972534                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.473585                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            162.309042                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    32009323     99.92%     99.92% |       14699      0.05%     99.97% |        7145      0.02%     99.99% |        2303      0.01%    100.00% |         341      0.00%    100.00% |         169      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              32034046                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        28914319                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.009066                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.006872                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.141791                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    28768196     99.49%     99.49% |       69632      0.24%     99.74% |       42239      0.15%     99.88% |       28996      0.10%     99.98% |        5253      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          28914319                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3119727                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        279.875917                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       177.746546                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       448.685001                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     3095004     99.21%     99.21% |       14699      0.47%     99.68% |        7145      0.23%     99.91% |        2303      0.07%     99.98% |         341      0.01%     99.99% |         169      0.01%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3119727                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         588662                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       588662                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          279                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          216                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          282                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          271                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     19459008                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       692081                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20151089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9088936                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123495                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9212431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       719849                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30820                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       231909                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718063                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54390                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        13036                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78244                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        34071                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12711                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        34357                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12502                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78778                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        34324                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12585                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78695                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        34193                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12552                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78728                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        34233                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        11798                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88664                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        33436                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76414                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        33235                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        34331                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        11295                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        72153                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        83448                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles        31570                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78771                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles        34383                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12429                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78851                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles        34317                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12002                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88665                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles        33300                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        11751                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        74304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        86055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles        32334                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits         8525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        59271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        67796                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles        25601                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        10331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67900                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78231                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles        29398                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12940                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78340                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles        34033                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78667                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles        34168                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits        11617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        74439                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        86056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles        32432                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12248                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76424                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles        33342                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76521                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88666                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles        33599                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91273                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles        34290                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78492                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91276                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles        34284                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12590                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78690                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles        34366                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12567                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78713                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles        34280                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12656                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78624                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles        34231                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12492                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78788                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles        34262                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12732                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78548                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles        34212                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12521                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78759                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles        34284                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12583                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78697                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles        34401                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12731                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78549                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles        34294                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       114789                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        51277                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       166066                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        50976                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        44686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        95662                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        51595                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        44807                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        96402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        51344                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        44717                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        96061                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        50623                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        44703                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        95326                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        50229                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        44733                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        94962                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        49091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        44722                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        93813                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        49414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        44687                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        94101                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        50917                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        44698                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        95615                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        50516                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        44723                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        95239                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        50543                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        44696                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        95239                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        50415                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        44620                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        95035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        49437                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        44713                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        94150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        49784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        44646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        94430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        52370                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        44749                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        97119                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        50378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        44627                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        95005                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        49850                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        44508                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        94358                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        50161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        44610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        94771                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        50493                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        44741                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        95234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        49674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        44709                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        94383                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        50759                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        44609                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        95368                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        50502                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        44667                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        95169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        51070                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        44604                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        95674                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        50621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        44633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        95254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        53684                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        44582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        98266                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        54549                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        44541                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        99090                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        49892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        44601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        94493                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        50023                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        44579                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        94602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        49686                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        44600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        94286                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        48933                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        44645                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        93578                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        49519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        44630                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        94149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        52105                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        44726                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        96831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        45597                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     15874960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     15874960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16359306                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15874958                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7525627                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7486639                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     15874957                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.086405                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     10086665                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     10086665                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10740166                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10086665                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5850843                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5744649                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     10086665                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.054900                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7488987                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7488987                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7839412                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7488987                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3274792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3249363                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7488987                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.040762                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      7011024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      7011024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7378776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7011024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3177822                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3154388                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      7011024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.038160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      7990873                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      7990873                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8400408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7990873                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3899383                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3868221                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      7990873                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.043493                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8508651                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8508651                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9036618                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8508651                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4181663                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4133363                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8508651                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.046312                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9256378                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9256378                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9738237                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9256378                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3975728                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3943110                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9256378                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.050381                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      7881933                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      7881933                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8365106                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7881933                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3694001                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3662433                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      7881933                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.042900                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4853686                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4853686                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5068876                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4853686                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2224135                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2200618                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4853686                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.026418                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5738424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5738424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6043516                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5738424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2787505                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2764272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5738424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.031234                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5650844                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5650844                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5964288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5650844                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2596136                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2572212                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5650844                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.030757                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      5105438                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      5105438                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5318488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5105438                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2289248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2268878                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      5105438                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.027788                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      6231384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      6231384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6542619                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6231384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2952601                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2929868                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      6231384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.033917                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      5929253                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      5929253                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6236930                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5929253                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2688145                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2667449                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      5929253                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.032272                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4024947                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4024947                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4213504                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4024947                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1899556                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1883391                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4024947                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.021907                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5265556                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5265556                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5543936                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5265556                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2496230                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2474456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5265556                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.028660                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      6130421                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      6130421                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6426297                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6130421                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2820278                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2796557                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      6130421                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.033367                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      5766074                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      5766074                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6068925                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5766074                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2767754                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2748234                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      5766074                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.031384                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5608893                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5608893                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5914636                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5608893                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2670956                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2634889                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5608893                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.030529                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      4031655                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      4031655                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4249836                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4031655                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1906230                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1889071                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      4031655                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.021944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      2935715                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      2935715                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3011555                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2935715                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1371266                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1365027                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      2935715                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.015979                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3788320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3788320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3945116                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3788320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1821532                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1811628                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3788320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.020619                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3777787                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3777787                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3956169                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3777787                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1765328                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1754851                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3777787                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.020562                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2656479                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2656479                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2736135                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2656479                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1246587                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1239883                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2656479                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.014459                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      2924804                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      2924804                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2997767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2924804                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1337111                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1330328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      2924804                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.015919                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3824048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3824048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3986905                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3824048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1828350                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1818156                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3824048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.020814                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3808576                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3808576                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3989309                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3808576                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1772762                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1761708                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3808576                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.020730                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2651820                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2651820                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2730376                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2651820                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1238494                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1231292                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2651820                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.014434                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8482036                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8482036                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9276886                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8482036                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3756107                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3708592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8482036                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.046167                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      8756492                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      8756492                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9455623                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8756492                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3877052                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3840132                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      8756492                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.047660                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      9212417                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      9212417                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10186155                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9212416                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4132489                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4067333                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      9212416                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.050142                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      9633820                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      9633820                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10545467                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9633820                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4307914                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4256296                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      9633820                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.052436                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13095715     27.77%     27.77% |    30950605     65.64%     93.41% |     3109115      6.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     47155435                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13095717     27.77%     27.77% |    30950608     65.64%     93.41% |     3109115      6.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     47155440                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   462491598                       |   849643718                       |    81345527                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   325409043                       |   148910287                       |     3184309                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   35.316254                       |   27.451603                       |   26.163563                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   24.848513                       |    4.811224                       |    1.024185                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.550800                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    10.126163                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         39.676964                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004383                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.093753      6.94%      6.94% |    0.093222      6.90%     13.85% |    0.092770      6.87%     20.72% |    0.092353      6.84%     27.56% |    0.220769     16.35%     43.91% |    0.220648     16.34%     60.26% |    0.220565     16.34%     76.59% |    0.220334     16.32%     92.91% |    0.023914      1.77%     94.69% |    0.023918      1.77%     96.46% |    0.023914      1.77%     98.23% |    0.023912      1.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.350071                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.034169                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023684                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001726                       |    0.001720                       |    0.001720                       |    0.001715                       |    0.001735                       |    0.001692                       |    0.001688                       |    0.001724                       |    0.001593                       |    0.001724                       |    0.001732                       |    0.001684                       |    0.001626                       |    0.001324                       |    0.001515                       |    0.001717                       |    0.001715                       |    0.001642                       |    0.001684                       |    0.001674                       |    0.001731                       |    0.001711                       |    0.001706                       |    0.001703                       |    0.001726                       |    0.001705                       |    0.001734                       |    0.001737                       |    0.001732                       |    0.001711                       |    0.006448                       |    0.003934                       |    0.003884                       |    0.003917                       |    0.003890                       |    0.003892                       |    0.003881                       |    0.003864                       |    0.003879                       |    0.003959                       |    0.003952                       |    0.003938                       |    0.003914                       |    0.003898                       |    0.003862                       |    0.003875                       |    0.003924                       |    0.003913                       |    0.003915                       |    0.003910                       |    0.003889                       |    0.003976                       |    0.003906                       |    0.003890                       |    0.003904                       |    0.003918                       |    0.003895                       |    0.003920                       |    0.003915                       |    0.003924                       |    0.004008                       |    0.004040                       |    0.010946                       |    0.010739                       |    0.010731                       |    0.010725                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |    0.002453                       |    0.005662                       |    0.000107                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000114                       |    0.000111                       |    0.000111                       |    0.000104                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000099                       |    0.000110                       |    0.000112                       |    0.000105                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000084                       |    0.000096                       |    0.000113                       |    0.000110                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000104                       |    0.000105                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000105                       |    0.000110                       |    0.000110                       |    0.000111                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000108                       |    0.000110                       |    0.000108                       |    0.000112                       |    0.002468                       |    0.003529                       |    0.000133                       |           0                       |    0.000104                       |    0.005304                       |    0.004440                       |    0.002470                       |    0.003519                       |    0.000104                       |    0.006431                       |    0.009446                       |    0.004448                       |    0.002537                       |    0.003539                       |    0.007596                       |    0.000108                       |    0.011665                       |    0.015403                       |    0.005319                       |    0.002526                       |    0.003519                       |    0.000107                       |    0.012308                       |    0.011168                       |    0.011134                       |    0.002536                       |    0.003538                       |    0.000109                       |    0.014515                       |    0.011481                       |    0.005981                       |    0.002540                       |    0.003524                       |    0.007389                       |    0.000110                       |    0.016160                       |    0.011652                       |    0.006287                       |    0.002541                       |    0.003554                       |    0.000110                       |    0.009464                       |    0.006342                       |    0.005776                       |    0.002534                       |    0.003532                       |    0.000110                       |    0.005221                       |    0.004522                       |    0.002467                       |    0.003594                       |    0.000105                       |    0.003739                       |    0.005246                       |    0.005468                       |    0.002542                       |    0.003564                       |    0.000109                       |    0.003777                       |    0.006394                       |    0.009506                       |    0.005341                       |    0.002540                       |    0.003520                       |    0.000109                       |    0.007710                       |    0.011623                       |    0.011771                       |    0.006220                       |    0.026038                       |    0.005350                       |    0.002453                       |    0.005127                       |    0.017948                       |    0.022857                       |    0.006632                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003548                       |    0.005662                       |    0.005086                       |    0.014882                       |    0.018961                       |    0.006760                       |    0.002538                       |    0.003511                       |    0.000114                       |    0.010205                       |    0.010658                       |    0.011765                       |    0.007520                       |    0.002544                       |    0.003548                       |    0.000112                       |    0.005144                       |    0.009342                       |    0.006413                       |    0.006814                       |    0.002535                       |    0.003541                       |    0.000110                       |    0.003857                       |    0.005199                       |    0.005572                       |    0.002544                       |    0.003533                       |    0.000109                       |    0.004030                       |    0.005211                       |    0.005135                       |    0.002330                       |    0.003565                       |    0.000099                       |    0.004125                       |    0.006273                       |    0.009337                       |    0.005029                       |    0.002540                       |    0.003620                       |    0.007383                       |    0.000108                       |    0.005000                       |    0.011550                       |    0.015289                       |    0.004653                       |    0.002540                       |    0.003515                       |    0.000111                       |    0.016034                       |    0.012187                       |    0.011084                       |    0.004911                       |    0.002483                       |    0.003507                       |    0.000111                       |    0.005806                       |    0.014533                       |    0.011295                       |    0.005165                       |    0.002533                       |    0.003616                       |    0.007383                       |    0.000112                       |    0.006001                       |    0.016142                       |    0.011466                       |    0.005184                       |    0.002475                       |    0.003524                       |    0.000105                       |    0.005420                       |    0.009327                       |    0.006407                       |    0.005014                       |    0.002539                       |    0.003530                       |    0.000111                       |    0.004147                       |    0.005239                       |    0.005163                       |    0.002531                       |    0.003523                       |    0.000105                       |    0.003075                       |    0.005225                       |    0.002396                       |    0.003505                       |    0.000103                       |    0.003011                       |    0.003618                       |    0.009274                       |    0.001920                       |    0.003509                       |    0.000084                       |    0.005820                       |    0.006063                       |    0.011264                       |    0.002198                       |    0.003546                       |    0.000096                       |    0.008201                       |    0.009450                       |    0.009876                       |    0.002527                       |    0.003529                       |    0.000113                       |    0.003248                       |    0.011658                       |    0.010308                       |    0.002536                       |    0.003542                       |    0.000110                       |    0.007704                       |    0.010599                       |    0.006037                       |    0.002403                       |    0.003541                       |    0.000103                       |    0.003065                       |    0.009296                       |    0.003536                       |    0.002538                       |    0.003530                       |    0.000109                       |    0.003019                       |    0.005237                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.350071                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         7864426                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      7864426                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343246                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5692165                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5164072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.722458                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          527773                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30781                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12491752                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73186                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14162432                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138490                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12564938                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14300922                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  26654184                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211676                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              26865860                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9219369                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9564                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9228933                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9219369                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9564                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9228933                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                179976719                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     30689647                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               47589936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             7864426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5691845                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             144099842                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142099                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       278069                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330634                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9218764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3807                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    176113254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.494560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.695004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        158720237     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1725242      0.98%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2531922      1.44%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           680341      0.39%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3824489      2.17%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           997098      0.57%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1342838      0.76%     96.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           400762      0.23%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          5890325      3.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    176113254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.043697                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.264423                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11383732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     152543866                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6095261                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5697845                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392543                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       83510761                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392543                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13782759                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        93247029                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10675789                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9202429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      48812698                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       81942902                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        3891970                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     88059201                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     193945536                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    122058497                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      76892697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11166476                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292607                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296315                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          37969065                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6486523                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14478068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1223595                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1060759                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           80481351                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       483790                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          84162287                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8346183                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13317377                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96401                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    176113254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.477887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    142781680     81.07%     81.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13224219      7.51%     88.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7004751      3.98%     92.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4272111      2.43%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3651330      2.07%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2488319      1.41%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023757      1.15%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413920      0.24%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253167      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    176113254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104560     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784951     77.88%     88.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118353     11.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338336      0.40%      0.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      57072139     67.81%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43646      0.05%     68.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12315467     14.63%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14340636     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       84162287                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.467629                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007864                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011975                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    345716231                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     89318949                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76988237                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       84831674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1445265                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209359                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2680                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557117                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7203245                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392543                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5080800                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84081983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     80965141                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6486523                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14478068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       474935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          84533                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8166                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123959                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282366                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406325                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      83551140                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12124967                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             26304333                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6540875                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14179366                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.464233                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               77088779                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              76988342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39895540                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          62172136                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.427768                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.641695                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8531550                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       387389                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356385                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    174700665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.314312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    147723533     84.56%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11547635      6.61%     91.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6651614      3.81%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2430223      1.39%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1434303      0.82%     97.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       971228      0.56%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508694      0.29%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904315      0.52%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2529120      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    174700665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     40802588                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       72350213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               19198103                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5277160                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6096581                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          71949126                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       449647                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     52911370     73.13%     73.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5277160      7.29%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     13920943     19.24%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     72350213                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2529120                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            252920765                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           163186781                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85089                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3863465                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            40802588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              72350213                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.410914                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.410914                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.226710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.226710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        126478293                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        55878912                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          31724182                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25802064                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        39777674                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4050806000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4050805999.999994                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8199219                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        53.502059                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       36.260810                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       68.653554                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     8000360     97.57%     97.57% |      169071      2.06%     99.64% |       27487      0.34%     99.97% |        2246      0.03%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8199219                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8553261                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.415364                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.472362                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       13.278290                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8432453     98.59%     98.59% |      117622      1.38%     99.96% |        2762      0.03%    100.00% |         316      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8553261                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        437576                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        28.343714                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       25.808299                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       11.651588                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       53819     12.30%     12.30% |      211971     48.44%     60.74% |      143407     32.77%     93.51% |       27429      6.27%     99.78% |         920      0.21%     99.99% |          30      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          437576                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          7953163                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           73.315279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           8.017989                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         269.934940                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     7934691     99.77%     99.77% |       10932      0.14%     99.91% |        5455      0.07%     99.97% |        1716      0.02%    100.00% |         238      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            7953163                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6051903                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.033194                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.024807                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.279513                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5949429     98.31%     98.31% |       39719      0.66%     98.96% |       32332      0.53%     99.50% |       25191      0.42%     99.91% |        5231      0.09%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6051903                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1901260                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     297.030272                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    178.520557                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    488.906350                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1882788     99.03%     99.03% |       10932      0.57%     99.60% |        5455      0.29%     99.89% |        1716      0.09%     99.98% |         238      0.01%     99.99% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1901260                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         14640102                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           23.002759                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.088477                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         128.271683                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    14633854     99.96%     99.96% |        3764      0.03%     99.98% |        1690      0.01%     99.99% |         587      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           14640102                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     13560004                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.004509                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.003607                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.087502                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13516454     99.68%     99.68% |       29814      0.22%     99.90% |        9907      0.07%     99.97% |        3805      0.03%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       13560004                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1080098                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     274.069195                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    196.258840                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    393.654836                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1073850     99.42%     99.42% |        3764      0.35%     99.77% |        1690      0.16%     99.93% |         587      0.05%     99.98% |         103      0.01%     99.99% |          84      0.01%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1080098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9212427                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.126922                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.132893                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.139474                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9209562     99.97%     99.97% |        2549      0.03%    100.00% |         253      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9212427                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9088936                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9088936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9088936                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123491                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    87.068345                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.104975                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    63.410144                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120626     97.68%     97.68% |        2549      2.06%     99.74% |         253      0.20%     99.95% |          38      0.03%     99.98% |           8      0.01%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123491                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227050                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.977661                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741484                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.353404                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223082     98.25%     98.25% |        3056      1.35%     99.60% |         774      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          31      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227050                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212101     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14850                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.678721                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.680682                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    86.072945                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.28%     73.28% |        3056     20.58%     93.86% |         774      5.21%     99.07% |          70      0.47%     99.54% |          31      0.21%     99.75% |          29      0.20%     99.95% |           7      0.05%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14850                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       368760                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7959606                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        81838                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    24246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    23460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    23426                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    22289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    23065                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    21770                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    23112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    23004                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    20951                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    22894                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   22682                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   22899                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   21506                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   16409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   19119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   22604                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   23442                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   21591                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   22582                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   22109                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   22829                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   23868                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   22313                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   23027                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                   22670                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                   22639                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   23561                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   22954                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   23283                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   22356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  67066                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  67852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  67886                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  69023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  68247                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  66934                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  65592                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  68308                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  62537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                  68418                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 68630                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 65805                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 64590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                 51431                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 59153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 68708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                 67870                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                 64505                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                 66122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                 66595                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                 68483                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                 67444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                 68999                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                 68285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                 68642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                 68673                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                 67751                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                 68358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                 68029                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                 68956                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    60116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    60330                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    60224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    60239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    60177                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    58649                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    58528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    60394                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    55529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    60374                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   60244                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   58613                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   56999                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   45017                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   51989                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   59934                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                   60115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   57013                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                   58695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   59073                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   60518                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                   60447                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                   60607                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   60297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                   60236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                   60446                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                   60295                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   60287                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                   60451                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                   60372                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                83488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               86096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               67840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               78272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               86096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 7537007                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 7545239                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 7541180                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 7553832                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 7557712                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 7600783                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 7435712                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 7553494                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 7605416                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 7548522                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                7535543                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                7522143                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                7643898                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                7625402                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                7502150                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               38402022                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               38346976                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               38321908                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               38287749                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               38459150                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               38450840                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               38404270                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               38388203                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               38372650                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               38400896                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               38383922                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               38380532                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               38369233                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               38402068                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               38388309                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   60960                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  62864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  49536                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  57152                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  62864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  22528                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 23232                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 18304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 21120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 23232                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                16326                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                15862                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                15747                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                15180                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                15663                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                14501                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                15698                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                15711                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                14098                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                15362                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               15328                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               15404                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               14605                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               10909                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               12841                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               15472                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               15712                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               14573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               15338                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               14831                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               15541                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               16036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               15178                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               15570                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits               15412                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits               15430                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               15888                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               15651                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits               15720                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits               15159                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              50346                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              50810                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              50925                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              51492                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              51009                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              50267                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              49070                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              50961                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              46862                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses              51310                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             51344                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             49364                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             48259                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses             38627                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             44311                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             51200                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses             50960                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses             48291                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses             49430                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses             49937                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses             51131                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses             50636                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses             51494                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses             51102                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses             51260                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses             51242                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses             50784                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses             51021                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses             50952                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses             51513                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                7920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                7598                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                7679                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                7109                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                7402                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                7269                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                7414                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                7293                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                6853                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                7532                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               7354                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               7495                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               6901                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               5500                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               6278                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               7132                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               7730                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               7018                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               7244                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               7278                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               7288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               7832                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               7135                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               7457                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               7258                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               7209                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               7673                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               7303                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               7563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               7197                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             16720                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             17042                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             16961                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             17531                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             17238                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             16667                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             16522                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             17347                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             15675                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             17108                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            17286                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            16441                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            16331                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            12804                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            14842                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            17508                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses            16910                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses            16214                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses            16692                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses            16658                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses            17352                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses            16808                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses            17505                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses            17183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses            17382                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses            17431                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses            16967                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses            17337                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses            17077                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses            17443                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      26                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      30                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                7897111                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                7907518                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                7902949                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                7922432                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                7910253                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                7949801                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                7796721                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                7909491                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                7943528                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                7911809                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               7901579                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               7878279                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               7995945                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               7899869                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               7814373                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               7933937                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               7895269                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               7851459                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               7820859                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               7992465                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               7992019                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               7940825                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               7924663                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               7913342                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               7932382                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles               7917101                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               7914480                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               7909815                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               7933662                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               7911225                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    528                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    416                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    528                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               7486066                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               7491428                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               7525218                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               7534105                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               7503208                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               7554473                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               7384022                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               7502251                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               7505672                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               7548425                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              7536944                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              7476237                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              7591123                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              7466049                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              7386773                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              7549800                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              7511301                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              7427715                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              7382430                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              7564240                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              7577667                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              7526949                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              7534309                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              7536071                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles              7511858                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles              7538854                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              7502710                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              7531100                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              7501727                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              7500331                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            1435387                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            1393576                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            1312436                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           1393512                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           1356865                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           1065824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           1230153                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles           1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles           1352472                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles           1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles           1398221                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles           1439253                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles           1434662                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles           1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles           1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles           1435227                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles           1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles           1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles           1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles           1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles           1435178                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2537986                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2525478                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2597375                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2531689                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2541923                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2677326                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2493333                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2570384                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2619378                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2579010                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2587658                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2651813                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2602026                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2487037                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2576760                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2542954                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             2577547                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             2639259                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2592646                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             2631312                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             2712340                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2586576                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             2498480                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             2515726                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles             2599299                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles             2505455                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             2615338                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             2517971                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles             2516243                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles             2564502                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          7486066                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          7491428                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          7525218                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          7534105                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          7503208                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          7554473                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          7384022                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          7502251                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          7505672                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          7548425                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         7536944                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         7476237                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         7591123                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         7466049                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         7386773                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         7549800                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         7511301                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         7427715                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         7382430                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         7564240                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         7577667                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         7526949                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         7534309                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         7536071                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time         7511858                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time         7538854                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         7502710                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         7531100                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         7501727                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         7500331                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       1434437                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       1393453                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       1311482                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      1393450                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      1352466                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      1065581                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      1229517                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time      1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time      1352472                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time      1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time      1393447                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time      1434431                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time      1434437                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time      1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time      1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time      1434437                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time      1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time      1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time      1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time      1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time      1434437                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2537986                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2525478                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2597375                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2531689                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2541923                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2672186                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2493333                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2570384                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2612484                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2579010                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2587658                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2645613                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2595183                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2483776                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2574108                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2542954                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        2577547                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        2632500                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        2592646                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        2625706                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        2707160                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        2580756                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        2498480                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        2515726                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time        2599299                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time        2505455                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time        2615338                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time        2517971                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time        2516243                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time        2564502                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            7717806                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            7728213                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            7723644                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            7743127                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            7733787                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            7777534                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            7622539                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            7730186                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            7780245                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            7732504                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           7722274                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           7705690                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           7826015                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           7771551                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           7668427                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           7754632                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           7715964                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           7682400                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           7646677                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           7819653                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           7813513                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           7763973                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           7745358                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           7735899                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           7756232                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time           7737796                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           7735175                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           7730510                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           7756235                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           7735492                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         175716468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         175716464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        175716460                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        175716466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        175716480                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        175716476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        175716472                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        175716468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        175716477                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        175716483                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        175716489                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        175716485                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        175716494                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        175716500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        175716491                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        175716487                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        175716496                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        175716502                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        175716493                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        175716490                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        175716498                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        175716494                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          7878668                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          7909220                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          7898126                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          7924800                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          7829136                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          7860647                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          7787826                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          7908423                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          7843352                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          7914645                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         7897416                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         7781747                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         7887431                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         7889451                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         7705510                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         7871279                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         7792749                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         7766453                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         7790934                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         7930000                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         7908523                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         7852590                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         7835741                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         7919880                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         7918029                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         7870215                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         7926697                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         7915269                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         7908613                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         7903742                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             11986                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             12199                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             12495                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             13024                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             12729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             12590                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             11826                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             12465                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             11343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             12850                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            12881                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            11885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            11938                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0             9762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            10989                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            13146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0            12658                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0            11889                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0            12038                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0            12170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0            12529                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0            12055                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0            12852                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0            12645                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0            12884                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0            12797                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0            12326                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0            12547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0            12323                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0            12939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2884                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2921                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2846                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2869                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2743                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2964                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2742                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              2518                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              2726                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             2859                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2802                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             2554                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             2152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             2453                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2760                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             2827                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             2621                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             2633                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2630                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             2724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             2774                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             2675                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2800                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             2780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             2639                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             2803                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             2827                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             2818                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             2842                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              4820                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              4833                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              4732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4937                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              4837                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              4729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              4505                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              4729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              4218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              4666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             4805                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             4624                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             4388                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             3543                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             4125                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             4892                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             4777                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             4438                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4483                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             4430                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             4651                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4487                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             4644                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             4718                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             4686                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             4622                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             4675                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             4784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             4594                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             4692                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         6741304                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         6603310                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         6780124                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         6635104                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         6746433                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         6203995                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         6563388                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         6724029                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         6135250                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         6701388                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        6726936                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        6173913                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        5996392                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        4808614                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        5518967                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        6720491                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles        6790770                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles        6060917                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles        6618185                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles        6222484                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles        6296340                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles        6475282                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles        6691572                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles        6667170                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles        6618242                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles        6695298                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles        6768700                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles        6713094                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles        6711457                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles        6638810                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335428     25.37%     25.37% |      329189     24.90%     50.26% |      328934     24.88%     75.14% |      328758     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1322309                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      181729     25.69%     25.69% |      175322     24.78%     50.47% |      175205     24.76%     75.23% |      175264     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       707520                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335453     25.37%     25.37% |      329189     24.89%     50.26% |      328933     24.88%     75.14% |      328756     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1322331                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      187546     25.66%     25.66% |      181143     24.79%     50.45% |      181031     24.77%     75.22% |      181091     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       730811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      145507     25.00%     25.00% |      145676     25.03%     50.03% |      145537     25.01%     75.03% |      145302     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       582022                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335428     25.37%     25.37% |      329189     24.90%     50.26% |      328934     24.88%     75.14% |      328758     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1322309                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      181493     25.68%     25.68% |      175143     24.78%     50.46% |      175031     24.77%     75.23% |      175091     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       706758                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      145507     25.00%     25.00% |      145676     25.03%     50.03% |      145537     25.01%     75.03% |      145302     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       582022                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335428     25.37%     25.37% |      329189     24.90%     50.26% |      328933     24.88%     75.14% |      328756     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1322306                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      181493     25.68%     25.68% |      175143     24.78%     50.46% |      175031     24.77%     75.23% |      175091     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       706758                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6004438     75.44%     75.44% |          18      0.00%     75.44% |       66813      0.84%     76.28% |       66812      0.84%     77.12% |       66785      0.84%     77.96% |       66838      0.84%     78.80% |       66797      0.84%     79.64% |       64862      0.81%     80.45% |       64911      0.82%     81.27% |       66808      0.84%     82.11% |       61055      0.77%     82.87% |       66822      0.84%     83.71% |       66795      0.84%     84.55% |       64904      0.82%     85.37% |       62982      0.79%     86.16% |       49591      0.62%     86.78% |       57244      0.72%     87.50% |       66777      0.84%     88.34% |       66807      0.84%     89.18% |       62983      0.79%     89.97% |       64913      0.82%     90.79% |       64915      0.82%     91.60% |       66821      0.84%     92.44% |       66884      0.84%     93.28% |       66878      0.84%     94.12% |       66819      0.84%     94.96% |       66833      0.84%     95.80% |       66815      0.84%     96.64% |       66843      0.84%     97.48% |       66836      0.84%     98.32% |       66846      0.84%     99.16% |       66785      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      7959230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9212487    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9212487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14147746     95.12%     95.12% |           0      0.00%     95.12% |       24827      0.17%     95.28% |       24816      0.17%     95.45% |       24821      0.17%     95.62% |       24799      0.17%     95.78% |       24813      0.17%     95.95% |       24122      0.16%     96.11% |       24158      0.16%     96.27% |       24816      0.17%     96.44% |       22690      0.15%     96.59% |       24800      0.17%     96.76% |       24786      0.17%     96.93% |       24137      0.16%     97.09% |       23385      0.16%     97.25% |       18397      0.12%     97.37% |       21303      0.14%     97.51% |       24843      0.17%     97.68% |       24835      0.17%     97.85% |       23398      0.16%     98.01% |       24181      0.16%     98.17% |       24135      0.16%     98.33% |       24854      0.17%     98.50% |       24854      0.17%     98.66% |       24860      0.17%     98.83% |       24829      0.17%     99.00% |       24844      0.17%     99.17% |       24818      0.17%     99.33% |       24845      0.17%     99.50% |       24814      0.17%     99.67% |       24844      0.17%     99.83% |       24797      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     14874167                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17842      4.99%      4.99% |          18      0.01%      4.99% |       11640      3.25%      8.25% |       11448      3.20%     11.45% |       11838      3.31%     14.76% |       11329      3.17%     17.93% |       11534      3.22%     21.15% |       11367      3.18%     24.33% |       11113      3.11%     27.44% |       11523      3.22%     30.66% |       10715      3.00%     33.65% |       11629      3.25%     36.91% |       11239      3.14%     40.05% |       11376      3.18%     43.23% |       10887      3.04%     46.27% |        8720      2.44%     48.71% |        9380      2.62%     51.33% |       11326      3.17%     54.50% |       11948      3.34%     57.84% |       11900      3.33%     61.17% |       11440      3.20%     64.37% |       11277      3.15%     67.52% |       11399      3.19%     70.71% |       12007      3.36%     74.06% |       11733      3.28%     77.34% |       11794      3.30%     80.64% |       11034      3.09%     83.73% |       12134      3.39%     87.12% |       11250      3.15%     90.26% |       11479      3.21%     93.47% |       11670      3.26%     96.74% |       11671      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       357660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      810287     26.01%     26.01% |           0      0.00%     26.01% |       78206      2.51%     28.52% |       78545      2.52%     31.04% |       78770      2.53%     33.57% |       78745      2.53%     36.09% |       78790      2.53%     38.62% |       76926      2.47%     41.09% |       76482      2.45%     43.55% |       78838      2.53%     46.08% |       72186      2.32%     48.39% |       78771      2.53%     50.92% |       78894      2.53%     53.45% |       76798      2.46%     55.92% |       74290      2.38%     58.30% |       59036      1.89%     60.20% |       67856      2.18%     62.37% |       78357      2.51%     64.89% |       78669      2.52%     67.41% |       74526      2.39%     69.81% |       76479      2.45%     72.26% |       76663      2.46%     74.72% |       78985      2.54%     77.26% |       78593      2.52%     79.78% |       78786      2.53%     82.31% |       78709      2.53%     84.83% |       78720      2.53%     87.36% |       78969      2.53%     89.90% |       78550      2.52%     92.42% |       78872      2.53%     94.95% |       78774      2.53%     97.48% |       78633      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3115705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         822      3.34%      3.34% |         849      3.45%      6.79% |         891      3.62%     10.42% |         854      3.47%     13.89% |         819      3.33%     17.22% |         830      3.37%     20.59% |         722      2.94%     23.53% |         860      3.50%     27.02% |         799      3.25%     30.27% |         870      3.54%     33.81% |         905      3.68%     37.49% |         826      3.36%     40.84% |         772      3.14%     43.98% |         616      2.50%     46.49% |         641      2.61%     49.09% |         842      3.42%     52.52% |         893      3.63%     56.15% |         792      3.22%     59.37% |         701      2.85%     62.22% |         796      3.24%     65.45% |         844      3.43%     68.88% |         828      3.37%     72.25% |         875      3.56%     75.81% |         891      3.62%     79.43% |         823      3.35%     82.78% |         889      3.61%     86.39% |         799      3.25%     89.64% |         891      3.62%     93.26% |         820      3.33%     96.59% |         838      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        24598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2007      3.63%      3.63% |        1798      3.25%      6.88% |        1863      3.37%     10.25% |        1699      3.07%     13.32% |        2083      3.77%     17.09% |        1860      3.36%     20.45% |        1776      3.21%     23.66% |        1825      3.30%     26.96% |        1828      3.30%     30.26% |        1877      3.39%     33.66% |        1997      3.61%     37.27% |        1823      3.30%     40.56% |        1736      3.14%     43.70% |        1494      2.70%     46.40% |        1740      3.15%     49.55% |        1823      3.30%     52.84% |        1866      3.37%     56.21% |        1933      3.49%     59.71% |        1868      3.38%     63.09% |        1859      3.36%     66.45% |        2004      3.62%     70.07% |        1801      3.26%     73.33% |        1812      3.28%     76.60% |        1665      3.01%     79.61% |        1833      3.31%     82.92% |        1623      2.93%     85.86% |        1987      3.59%     89.45% |        2170      3.92%     93.37% |        1944      3.51%     96.89% |        1722      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        55318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      192674     12.67%     12.67% |          16      0.00%     12.67% |       45320      2.98%     15.65% |       45528      2.99%     18.64% |       44804      2.95%     21.58% |       45307      2.98%     24.56% |       45396      2.98%     27.55% |       44890      2.95%     30.50% |       45217      2.97%     33.47% |       45157      2.97%     36.44% |       42006      2.76%     39.20% |       45127      2.97%     42.17% |       45201      2.97%     45.14% |       44462      2.92%     48.06% |       42621      2.80%     50.86% |       36540      2.40%     53.26% |       41321      2.72%     55.98% |       45024      2.96%     58.94% |       44457      2.92%     61.86% |       42539      2.80%     64.66% |       44549      2.93%     67.59% |       43616      2.87%     70.45% |       45327      2.98%     73.43% |       44556      2.93%     76.36% |       43840      2.88%     79.24% |       43975      2.89%     82.13% |       46038      3.03%     85.16% |       44226      2.91%     88.07% |       46019      3.03%     91.09% |       44977      2.96%     94.05% |       45705      3.00%     97.05% |       44810      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1521245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        1855      3.35%      3.36% |        1853      3.35%      6.71% |        1629      2.94%      9.65% |        1887      3.41%     13.06% |        1921      3.47%     16.54% |        1824      3.30%     19.83% |        1946      3.52%     23.35% |        1825      3.30%     26.65% |        1898      3.43%     30.08% |        1711      3.09%     33.17% |        1761      3.18%     36.36% |        1809      3.27%     39.63% |        1873      3.39%     43.01% |        1647      2.98%     45.99% |        1864      3.37%     49.36% |        1947      3.52%     52.88% |        1699      3.07%     55.95% |        2110      3.81%     59.77% |        1854      3.35%     63.12% |        1960      3.54%     66.66% |        1750      3.16%     69.82% |        1802      3.26%     73.08% |        1864      3.37%     76.45% |        1768      3.20%     79.65% |        1849      3.34%     82.99% |        1867      3.38%     86.36% |        1818      3.29%     89.65% |        1881      3.40%     93.05% |        2065      3.73%     96.78% |        1779      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        55318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622875     40.36%     40.36% |           0      0.00%     40.36% |       31069      2.01%     42.38% |       31188      2.02%     44.40% |       32345      2.10%     46.49% |       31501      2.04%     48.54% |       31411      2.04%     50.57% |       30152      1.95%     52.53% |       29251      1.90%     54.42% |       31842      2.06%     56.48% |       28249      1.83%     58.31% |       31933      2.07%     60.38% |       31889      2.07%     62.45% |       30392      1.97%     64.42% |       29810      1.93%     66.35% |       21084      1.37%     67.72% |       24715      1.60%     69.32% |       31369      2.03%     71.35% |       32511      2.11%     73.46% |       29790      1.93%     75.39% |       30021      1.95%     77.34% |       30945      2.01%     79.34% |       31780      2.06%     81.40% |       32134      2.08%     83.48% |       32986      2.14%     85.62% |       32970      2.14%     87.76% |       30737      1.99%     89.75% |       32695      2.12%     91.87% |       30711      1.99%     93.86% |       31901      2.07%     95.92% |       30927      2.00%     97.93% |       31960      2.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1543143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      688240     28.58%     28.58% |           0      0.00%     28.58% |       58343      2.42%     31.00% |       58915      2.45%     33.45% |       58150      2.41%     35.87% |       58977      2.45%     38.32% |       58572      2.43%     40.75% |       57798      2.40%     43.15% |       58169      2.42%     45.56% |       58784      2.44%     48.01% |       53955      2.24%     50.25% |       58613      2.43%     52.68% |       58939      2.45%     55.13% |       57440      2.39%     57.51% |       55364      2.30%     59.81% |       45517      1.89%     61.70% |       52536      2.18%     63.88% |       58658      2.44%     66.32% |       57844      2.40%     68.72% |       54645      2.27%     70.99% |       57341      2.38%     73.37% |       56729      2.36%     75.73% |       58800      2.44%     78.17% |       57865      2.40%     80.57% |       57645      2.39%     82.97% |       57824      2.40%     85.37% |       59680      2.48%     87.85% |       57760      2.40%     90.25% |       59352      2.46%     92.71% |       58394      2.43%     95.14% |       58732      2.44%     97.58% |       58368      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2407949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      191284     10.07%     10.07% |           9      0.00%     10.07% |       57945      3.05%     13.12% |       58244      3.07%     16.19% |       58362      3.07%     19.26% |       58365      3.07%     22.34% |       58375      3.07%     25.41% |       56996      3.00%     28.41% |       56534      2.98%     31.39% |       58404      3.08%     34.47% |       53444      2.81%     37.28% |       58381      3.07%     40.35% |       58470      3.08%     43.43% |       56839      2.99%     46.43% |       55066      2.90%     49.33% |       43932      2.31%     51.64% |       50289      2.65%     54.29% |       57953      3.05%     57.34% |       58321      3.07%     60.41% |       55143      2.90%     63.31% |       56628      2.98%     66.30% |       56754      2.99%     69.29% |       58501      3.08%     72.37% |       58175      3.06%     75.43% |       58411      3.08%     78.51% |       58338      3.07%     81.58% |       58328      3.07%     84.65% |       58377      3.07%     87.72% |       58225      3.07%     90.79% |       58398      3.08%     93.86% |       58356      3.07%     96.94% |       58166      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1899013                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120993    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498907     45.58%     45.58% |           0      0.00%     45.58% |       20285      1.85%     47.43% |       20313      1.86%     49.29% |       20393      1.86%     51.15% |       20316      1.86%     53.00% |       20340      1.86%     54.86% |       19842      1.81%     56.67% |       19854      1.81%     58.49% |       20400      1.86%     60.35% |       18669      1.71%     62.06% |       20378      1.86%     63.92% |       20370      1.86%     65.78% |       19805      1.81%     67.59% |       19211      1.75%     69.34% |       15257      1.39%     70.74% |       17575      1.61%     72.34% |       20364      1.86%     74.20% |       20329      1.86%     76.06% |       19269      1.76%     77.82% |       19766      1.81%     79.63% |       19740      1.80%     81.43% |       20335      1.86%     83.29% |       20287      1.85%     85.14% |       20267      1.85%     86.99% |       20363      1.86%     88.85% |       20276      1.85%     90.71% |       20395      1.86%     92.57% |       20311      1.86%     94.42% |       20345      1.86%     96.28% |       20320      1.86%     98.14% |       20374      1.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1094656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11052      5.33%      5.33% |           0      0.00%      5.33% |        6616      3.19%      8.51% |        6598      3.18%     11.69% |        6944      3.35%     15.04% |        6657      3.21%     18.25% |        6728      3.24%     21.49% |        6539      3.15%     24.64% |        6104      2.94%     27.58% |        6836      3.29%     30.87% |        5932      2.86%     33.73% |        6962      3.35%     37.09% |        6870      3.31%     40.40% |        6527      3.15%     43.54% |        6298      3.03%     46.58% |        3837      1.85%     48.43% |        4667      2.25%     50.68% |        6704      3.23%     53.91% |        7224      3.48%     57.39% |        6750      3.25%     60.64% |        6275      3.02%     63.66% |        6689      3.22%     66.89% |        6696      3.23%     70.11% |        7037      3.39%     73.50% |        7283      3.51%     77.01% |        7206      3.47%     80.49% |        6380      3.07%     83.56% |        7214      3.48%     87.04% |        6497      3.13%     90.17% |        7098      3.42%     93.59% |        6508      3.14%     96.72% |        6802      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       207530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1809     80.44%     80.44% |           9      0.40%     80.84% |          12      0.53%     81.37% |           6      0.27%     81.64% |           8      0.36%     81.99% |           7      0.31%     82.30% |           6      0.27%     82.57% |          16      0.71%     83.28% |          19      0.84%     84.13% |          11      0.49%     84.62% |          26      1.16%     85.77% |           7      0.31%     86.08% |          10      0.44%     86.53% |          14      0.62%     87.15% |          15      0.67%     87.82% |          39      1.73%     89.55% |          31      1.38%     90.93% |          11      0.49%     91.42% |          15      0.67%     92.09% |          17      0.76%     92.84% |          22      0.98%     93.82% |          16      0.71%     94.53% |          17      0.76%     95.29% |          24      1.07%     96.35% |          11      0.49%     96.84% |           6      0.27%     97.11% |           9      0.40%     97.51% |          10      0.44%     97.95% |          11      0.49%     98.44% |           9      0.40%     98.84% |          18      0.80%     99.64% |           8      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         2249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2502    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          60     20.07%     20.07% |           0      0.00%     20.07% |           2      0.67%     20.74% |           6      2.01%     22.74% |          15      5.02%     27.76% |           7      2.34%     30.10% |           7      2.34%     32.44% |          12      4.01%     36.45% |           7      2.34%     38.80% |           9      3.01%     41.81% |          14      4.68%     46.49% |           5      1.67%     48.16% |           1      0.33%     48.49% |           5      1.67%     50.17% |          12      4.01%     54.18% |          43     14.38%     68.56% |           5      1.67%     70.23% |          12      4.01%     74.25% |           2      0.67%     74.92% |          10      3.34%     78.26% |           8      2.68%     80.94% |          11      3.68%     84.62% |           4      1.34%     85.95% |           6      2.01%     87.96% |           1      0.33%     88.29% |           6      2.01%     90.30% |          11      3.68%     93.98% |           6      2.01%     95.99% |           1      0.33%     96.32% |           7      2.34%     98.66% |           3      1.00%     99.67% |           1      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1546      0.94%      0.94% |           0      0.00%      0.94% |        5724      3.47%      4.41% |        5576      3.38%      7.80% |        5675      3.44%     11.24% |        5410      3.28%     14.52% |        5562      3.38%     17.90% |        5464      3.32%     21.21% |        5482      3.33%     24.54% |        5412      3.28%     27.82% |        5355      3.25%     31.07% |        5438      3.30%     34.37% |        5143      3.12%     37.50% |        5420      3.29%     40.78% |        5229      3.17%     43.96% |        5247      3.18%     47.14% |        5060      3.07%     50.21% |        5375      3.26%     53.47% |        5515      3.35%     56.82% |        5651      3.43%     60.25% |        5589      3.39%     63.64% |        5258      3.19%     66.83% |        5407      3.28%     70.11% |        5614      3.41%     73.52% |        5212      3.16%     76.68% |        5378      3.26%     79.95% |        5331      3.24%     83.18% |        5674      3.44%     86.63% |        5431      3.30%     89.92% |        5186      3.15%     93.07% |        5836      3.54%     96.61% |        5585      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       164785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     11.94%     11.94% |           0      0.00%     11.94% |        2042      2.97%     14.92% |        2099      3.06%     17.97% |        2153      3.13%     21.11% |        2140      3.11%     24.22% |        2028      2.95%     27.17% |        1970      2.87%     30.04% |        1705      2.48%     32.52% |        2078      3.02%     35.55% |        1902      2.77%     38.31% |        2273      3.31%     41.62% |        2175      3.17%     44.79% |        1922      2.80%     47.58% |        1985      2.89%     50.47% |        1154      1.68%     52.15% |        1369      1.99%     54.15% |        2080      3.03%     57.17% |        2317      3.37%     60.55% |        2089      3.04%     63.59% |        1782      2.59%     66.18% |        2063      3.00%     69.18% |        2110      3.07%     72.25% |        2163      3.15%     75.40% |        2233      3.25%     78.65% |        2193      3.19%     81.84% |        1955      2.85%     84.69% |        2213      3.22%     87.91% |        2002      2.91%     90.82% |        2145      3.12%     93.95% |        1977      2.88%     96.82% |        2183      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        68707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9088936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9088936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3470     11.45%     11.45% |           2      0.01%     11.45% |         872      2.88%     14.33% |         857      2.83%     17.16% |         903      2.98%     20.14% |         870      2.87%     23.01% |         889      2.93%     25.94% |         840      2.77%     28.71% |         802      2.65%     31.36% |         876      2.89%     34.25% |         935      3.08%     37.33% |         849      2.80%     40.14% |         919      3.03%     43.17% |         861      2.84%     46.01% |         930      3.07%     49.08% |         942      3.11%     52.18% |         912      3.01%     55.19% |         892      2.94%     58.14% |         865      2.85%     60.99% |         874      2.88%     63.87% |         942      3.11%     66.98% |         909      3.00%     69.98% |         993      3.28%     73.26% |         879      2.90%     76.16% |         958      3.16%     79.32% |         931      3.07%     82.39% |         954      3.15%     85.54% |         856      2.82%     88.36% |         857      2.83%     91.19% |         844      2.78%     93.97% |         914      3.02%     96.99% |         913      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        30310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120375     22.91%     22.91% |           0      0.00%     22.91% |       13651      2.60%     25.50% |       13554      2.58%     28.08% |       14418      2.74%     30.83% |       13782      2.62%     33.45% |       14069      2.68%     36.12% |       13064      2.49%     38.61% |       12225      2.33%     40.94% |       14096      2.68%     43.62% |       12291      2.34%     45.96% |       14196      2.70%     48.66% |       14246      2.71%     51.37% |       13272      2.53%     53.90% |       13172      2.51%     56.40% |        7913      1.51%     57.91% |        9756      1.86%     59.76% |       13772      2.62%     62.38% |       14779      2.81%     65.20% |       13604      2.59%     67.79% |       12952      2.46%     70.25% |       13995      2.66%     72.91% |       14117      2.69%     75.60% |       14471      2.75%     78.35% |       15309      2.91%     81.27% |       14987      2.85%     84.12% |       13081      2.49%     86.61% |       14826      2.82%     89.43% |       13241      2.52%     91.95% |       14651      2.79%     94.73% |       13596      2.59%     97.32% |       14075      2.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       525536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3228279     94.69%     94.69% |           0      0.00%     94.69% |        6641      0.19%     94.88% |        6291      0.18%     95.07% |        6117      0.18%     95.25% |        6128      0.18%     95.43% |        6231      0.18%     95.61% |        5754      0.17%     95.78% |        6478      0.19%     95.97% |        6147      0.18%     96.15% |        5556      0.16%     96.31% |        5979      0.18%     96.49% |        5985      0.18%     96.66% |        5961      0.17%     96.84% |        5766      0.17%     97.01% |        4379      0.13%     97.14% |        5431      0.16%     97.30% |        6596      0.19%     97.49% |        5987      0.18%     97.66% |        5583      0.16%     97.83% |        6304      0.18%     98.01% |        5903      0.17%     98.19% |        6012      0.18%     98.36% |        6278      0.18%     98.55% |        5985      0.18%     98.72% |        6103      0.18%     98.90% |        6348      0.19%     99.09% |        6040      0.18%     99.26% |        6402      0.19%     99.45% |        6088      0.18%     99.63% |        6289      0.18%     99.82% |        6283      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3409324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35527    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3075      5.71%      5.71% |          16      0.03%      5.74% |        1801      3.35%      9.09% |        1698      3.16%     12.25% |        1691      3.14%     15.39% |        1609      2.99%     18.38% |        1672      3.11%     21.48% |        1726      3.21%     24.69% |        1873      3.48%     28.17% |        1624      3.02%     31.19% |        1661      3.09%     34.28% |        1612      3.00%     37.27% |        1534      2.85%     40.12% |        1777      3.30%     43.42% |        1652      3.07%     46.49% |        1779      3.31%     49.80% |        1723      3.20%     53.00% |        1683      3.13%     56.13% |        1636      3.04%     59.17% |        1881      3.50%     62.66% |        1861      3.46%     66.12% |        1621      3.01%     69.13% |        1672      3.11%     72.24% |        1728      3.21%     75.45% |        1536      2.85%     78.31% |        1546      2.87%     81.18% |        1664      3.09%     84.27% |        1617      3.00%     87.28% |        1756      3.26%     90.54% |        1557      2.89%     93.43% |        1820      3.38%     96.82% |        1714      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        53815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      153981     11.22%     11.22% |           0      0.00%     11.22% |       41383      3.01%     14.23% |       41900      3.05%     17.28% |       41100      2.99%     20.28% |       41858      3.05%     23.33% |       41493      3.02%     26.35% |       41177      3.00%     29.35% |       41477      3.02%     32.37% |       41568      3.03%     35.40% |       38391      2.80%     38.20% |       41491      3.02%     41.22% |       41531      3.03%     44.25% |       40772      2.97%     47.22% |       39079      2.85%     50.06% |       33139      2.41%     52.48% |       37804      2.75%     55.23% |       41367      3.01%     58.24% |       40814      2.97%     61.22% |       38676      2.82%     64.04% |       40737      2.97%     67.00% |       39992      2.91%     69.92% |       41509      3.02%     72.94% |       40912      2.98%     75.92% |       40363      2.94%     78.86% |       40623      2.96%     81.82% |       42409      3.09%     84.91% |       40840      2.98%     87.89% |       42142      3.07%     90.96% |       41101      2.99%     93.95% |       41812      3.05%     97.00% |       41239      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1372680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1999      3.63%      3.63% |        1795      3.26%      6.88% |        1861      3.38%     10.26% |        1698      3.08%     13.34% |        2076      3.77%     17.10% |        1860      3.37%     20.47% |        1764      3.20%     23.67% |        1820      3.30%     26.97% |        1828      3.32%     30.29% |        1870      3.39%     33.68% |        1992      3.61%     37.29% |        1812      3.29%     40.58% |        1735      3.15%     43.73% |        1490      2.70%     46.43% |        1734      3.14%     49.57% |        1816      3.29%     52.87% |        1860      3.37%     56.24% |        1928      3.50%     59.74% |        1860      3.37%     63.11% |        1850      3.36%     66.47% |        2004      3.63%     70.10% |        1795      3.26%     73.36% |        1796      3.26%     76.61% |        1657      3.01%     79.62% |        1829      3.32%     82.94% |        1612      2.92%     85.86% |        1983      3.60%     89.46% |        2166      3.93%     93.38% |        1934      3.51%     96.89% |        1714      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        55138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2573872    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2573872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    13613123     99.09%     99.09% |           0      0.00%     99.09% |        4353      0.03%     99.12% |        4321      0.03%     99.15% |        4232      0.03%     99.19% |        4317      0.03%     99.22% |        4293      0.03%     99.25% |        4074      0.03%     99.28% |        4075      0.03%     99.31% |        4231      0.03%     99.34% |        3837      0.03%     99.37% |        4257      0.03%     99.40% |        4269      0.03%     99.43% |        4119      0.03%     99.46% |        4000      0.03%     99.49% |        2992      0.02%     99.51% |        3531      0.03%     99.53% |        4264      0.03%     99.57% |        4309      0.03%     99.60% |        3945      0.03%     99.63% |        4162      0.03%     99.66% |        4179      0.03%     99.69% |        4294      0.03%     99.72% |        4343      0.03%     99.75% |        4372      0.03%     99.78% |        4271      0.03%     99.81% |        4353      0.03%     99.84% |        4239      0.03%     99.87% |        4328      0.03%     99.91% |        4288      0.03%     99.94% |        4317      0.03%     99.97% |        4265      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     13737953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         245      0.37%      0.37% |           0      0.00%      0.37% |        2340      3.57%      3.94% |        2281      3.48%      7.42% |        2287      3.49%     10.90% |        2180      3.32%     14.23% |        2237      3.41%     17.64% |        2248      3.43%     21.06% |        2321      3.54%     24.60% |        2168      3.30%     27.91% |        2173      3.31%     31.22% |        2187      3.33%     34.55% |        1892      2.88%     37.44% |        2191      3.34%     40.78% |        1995      3.04%     43.82% |        2155      3.29%     47.10% |        2072      3.16%     50.26% |        2036      3.10%     53.37% |        2210      3.37%     56.73% |        2377      3.62%     60.36% |        2349      3.58%     63.94% |        2042      3.11%     67.05% |        2030      3.09%     70.15% |        2348      3.58%     73.72% |        1942      2.96%     76.68% |        2097      3.20%     79.88% |        2023      3.08%     82.97% |        2426      3.70%     86.66% |        2132      3.25%     89.91% |        1969      3.00%     92.91% |        2415      3.68%     96.60% |        2233      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        65601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534259     51.61%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |       16960      1.64%     53.24% |       17015      1.64%     54.89% |       17050      1.65%     56.53% |       17119      1.65%     58.19% |       17079      1.65%     59.84% |       16621      1.61%     61.44% |       16692      1.61%     63.06% |       17216      1.66%     64.72% |       15564      1.50%     66.22% |       17122      1.65%     67.88% |       17408      1.68%     69.56% |       16668      1.61%     71.17% |       16285      1.57%     72.74% |       12378      1.20%     73.94% |       14732      1.42%     75.36% |       17291      1.67%     77.03% |       17030      1.64%     78.67% |       15969      1.54%     80.22% |       16604      1.60%     81.82% |       16737      1.62%     83.44% |       17291      1.67%     85.11% |       16953      1.64%     86.74% |       17282      1.67%     88.41% |       17201      1.66%     90.08% |       17271      1.67%     91.74% |       16920      1.63%     93.38% |       17210      1.66%     95.04% |       17293      1.67%     96.71% |       16920      1.63%     98.35% |       17129      1.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1035269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         822      3.34%      3.34% |         849      3.45%      6.79% |         891      3.62%     10.42% |         854      3.47%     13.89% |         819      3.33%     17.22% |         830      3.37%     20.59% |         722      2.94%     23.53% |         859      3.49%     27.02% |         799      3.25%     30.27% |         870      3.54%     33.80% |         905      3.68%     37.48% |         826      3.36%     40.84% |         772      3.14%     43.98% |         616      2.50%     46.49% |         641      2.61%     49.09% |         842      3.42%     52.51% |         893      3.63%     56.15% |         792      3.22%     59.36% |         701      2.85%     62.21% |         796      3.24%     65.45% |         844      3.43%     68.88% |         828      3.37%     72.25% |         875      3.56%     75.81% |         891      3.62%     79.43% |         823      3.35%     82.77% |         889      3.61%     86.39% |         799      3.25%     89.64% |         891      3.62%     93.26% |         820      3.33%     96.59% |         838      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        24597                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      0.95%      0.95% |           0      0.00%      0.95% |         392      3.12%      4.07% |         384      3.06%      7.12% |         378      3.01%     10.13% |         391      3.11%     13.24% |         446      3.55%     16.79% |         435      3.46%     20.25% |         448      3.56%     23.81% |         431      3.43%     27.24% |         381      3.03%     30.27% |         424      3.37%     33.65% |         418      3.33%     36.97% |         398      3.17%     40.14% |         356      2.83%     42.97% |         263      2.09%     45.06% |         346      2.75%     47.82% |         419      3.33%     51.15% |         383      3.05%     54.20% |         402      3.20%     57.40% |         408      3.25%     60.64% |         420      3.34%     63.98% |         413      3.29%     67.27% |         473      3.76%     71.03% |         475      3.78%     74.81% |         394      3.13%     77.95% |         474      3.77%     81.72% |         513      4.08%     85.80% |         389      3.09%     88.89% |         466      3.71%     92.60% |         455      3.62%     96.22% |         475      3.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        12569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      192674     12.67%     12.67% |          16      0.00%     12.67% |       45320      2.98%     15.65% |       45528      2.99%     18.64% |       44804      2.95%     21.58% |       45307      2.98%     24.56% |       45396      2.98%     27.55% |       44890      2.95%     30.50% |       45217      2.97%     33.47% |       45157      2.97%     36.44% |       42006      2.76%     39.20% |       45127      2.97%     42.17% |       45201      2.97%     45.14% |       44462      2.92%     48.06% |       42621      2.80%     50.86% |       36540      2.40%     53.26% |       41321      2.72%     55.98% |       45024      2.96%     58.94% |       44457      2.92%     61.86% |       42539      2.80%     64.66% |       44549      2.93%     67.59% |       43616      2.87%     70.45% |       45327      2.98%     73.43% |       44556      2.93%     76.36% |       43838      2.88%     79.24% |       43975      2.89%     82.13% |       46038      3.03%     85.16% |       44226      2.91%     88.07% |       46019      3.03%     91.09% |       44977      2.96%     94.05% |       45705      3.00%     97.05% |       44810      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1521243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        1855      3.35%      3.36% |        1853      3.35%      6.71% |        1629      2.94%      9.65% |        1887      3.41%     13.06% |        1921      3.47%     16.54% |        1824      3.30%     19.83% |        1946      3.52%     23.35% |        1825      3.30%     26.65% |        1898      3.43%     30.08% |        1711      3.09%     33.17% |        1761      3.18%     36.36% |        1809      3.27%     39.63% |        1873      3.39%     43.01% |        1647      2.98%     45.99% |        1864      3.37%     49.36% |        1947      3.52%     52.88% |        1699      3.07%     55.95% |        2110      3.81%     59.77% |        1854      3.35%     63.12% |        1960      3.54%     66.66% |        1750      3.16%     69.82% |        1802      3.26%     73.08% |        1864      3.37%     76.45% |        1768      3.20%     79.65% |        1849      3.34%     82.99% |        1867      3.38%     86.36% |        1818      3.29%     89.65% |        1881      3.40%     93.05% |        2065      3.73%     96.78% |        1779      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        55318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123908     27.65%     27.65% |           0      0.00%     27.65% |       10782      2.41%     30.05% |       10869      2.43%     32.48% |       11937      2.66%     35.14% |       11178      2.49%     37.63% |       11064      2.47%     40.10% |       10298      2.30%     42.40% |        9390      2.10%     44.50% |       11433      2.55%     47.05% |        9566      2.13%     49.18% |       11550      2.58%     51.76% |       11518      2.57%     54.33% |       10582      2.36%     56.69% |       10587      2.36%     59.05% |        5784      1.29%     60.34% |        7135      1.59%     61.93% |       10993      2.45%     64.39% |       12180      2.72%     67.10% |       10511      2.35%     69.45% |       10247      2.29%     71.74% |       11194      2.50%     74.23% |       11441      2.55%     76.79% |       11841      2.64%     79.43% |       12718      2.84%     82.27% |       12601      2.81%     85.08% |       10450      2.33%     87.41% |       12294      2.74%     90.15% |       10399      2.32%     92.47% |       11549      2.58%     95.05% |       10604      2.37%     97.42% |       11585      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       448188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           7      0.14%      0.14% |           0      0.00%      0.14% |          96      1.97%      2.12% |         116      2.38%      4.50% |         149      3.06%      7.56% |         185      3.80%     11.36% |         141      2.90%     14.26% |         165      3.39%     17.65% |         158      3.25%     20.90% |         115      2.36%     23.26% |         204      4.19%     27.46% |         100      2.06%     29.51% |         148      3.04%     32.55% |         268      5.51%     38.06% |         169      3.47%     41.53% |          96      1.97%     43.51% |         158      3.25%     46.75% |         133      2.73%     49.49% |         148      3.04%     52.53% |         224      4.60%     57.13% |         189      3.88%     61.02% |         261      5.36%     66.38% |         248      5.10%     71.48% |         170      3.49%     74.97% |         145      2.98%     77.95% |         126      2.59%     80.54% |         154      3.16%     83.70% |         196      4.03%     87.73% |         137      2.82%     90.55% |         175      3.60%     94.14% |         155      3.19%     97.33% |         130      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         4866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498967     45.57%     45.57% |           0      0.00%     45.57% |       20287      1.85%     47.42% |       20319      1.86%     49.28% |       20408      1.86%     51.14% |       20323      1.86%     53.00% |       20347      1.86%     54.86% |       19854      1.81%     56.67% |       19861      1.81%     58.48% |       20409      1.86%     60.35% |       18683      1.71%     62.05% |       20383      1.86%     63.92% |       20371      1.86%     65.78% |       19810      1.81%     67.58% |       19223      1.76%     69.34% |       15300      1.40%     70.74% |       17580      1.61%     72.34% |       20376      1.86%     74.20% |       20331      1.86%     76.06% |       19279      1.76%     77.82% |       19774      1.81%     79.63% |       19751      1.80%     81.43% |       20339      1.86%     83.29% |       20293      1.85%     85.14% |       20268      1.85%     86.99% |       20369      1.86%     88.85% |       20287      1.85%     90.71% |       20401      1.86%     92.57% |       20312      1.86%     94.42% |       20352      1.86%     96.28% |       20323      1.86%     98.14% |       20375      1.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1094955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         987     16.30%     16.30% |           0      0.00%     16.30% |         173      2.86%     19.15% |         172      2.84%     21.99% |         145      2.39%     24.39% |         198      3.27%     27.65% |         156      2.58%     30.23% |         126      2.08%     32.31% |         175      2.89%     35.20% |         168      2.77%     37.97% |         127      2.10%     40.07% |         182      3.00%     43.07% |         154      2.54%     45.62% |         168      2.77%     48.39% |         150      2.48%     50.87% |          87      1.44%     52.30% |         124      2.05%     54.35% |         137      2.26%     56.61% |         167      2.76%     59.37% |         151      2.49%     61.86% |         175      2.89%     64.75% |         177      2.92%     67.67% |         181      2.99%     70.66% |         244      4.03%     74.69% |         238      3.93%     78.62% |         179      2.96%     81.58% |         193      3.19%     84.76% |         175      2.89%     87.65% |         203      3.35%     91.00% |         196      3.24%     94.24% |         204      3.37%     97.61% |         145      2.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         6057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         108      1.89%      1.89% |           0      0.00%      1.89% |         187      3.27%      5.17% |         176      3.08%      8.25% |         181      3.17%     11.42% |         159      2.78%     14.20% |         173      3.03%     17.23% |         194      3.40%     20.63% |         222      3.89%     24.51% |         176      3.08%     27.60% |         170      2.98%     30.57% |         160      2.80%     33.37% |         146      2.56%     35.93% |         208      3.64%     39.57% |         162      2.84%     42.41% |         105      1.84%     44.25% |         192      3.36%     47.61% |         203      3.55%     51.16% |         195      3.41%     54.58% |         174      3.05%     57.63% |         245      4.29%     61.92% |         205      3.59%     65.51% |         221      3.87%     69.37% |         218      3.82%     73.19% |         220      3.85%     77.04% |         189      3.31%     80.35% |         204      3.57%     83.93% |         178      3.12%     87.04% |         205      3.59%     90.63% |         174      3.05%     93.68% |         204      3.57%     97.25% |         157      2.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         5711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11      2.74%      2.74% |          14      3.48%      6.22% |          13      3.23%      9.45% |          13      3.23%     12.69% |           8      1.99%     14.68% |          14      3.48%     18.16% |          13      3.23%     21.39% |          19      4.73%     26.12% |          14      3.48%     29.60% |          19      4.73%     34.33% |          24      5.97%     40.30% |          20      4.98%     45.27% |          12      2.99%     48.26% |           7      1.74%     50.00% |           6      1.49%     51.49% |          11      2.74%     54.23% |          13      3.23%     57.46% |          18      4.48%     61.94% |          13      3.23%     65.17% |          16      3.98%     69.15% |           8      1.99%     71.14% |          15      3.73%     74.88% |          12      2.99%     77.86% |          14      3.48%     81.34% |          13      3.23%     84.58% |          21      5.22%     89.80% |           8      1.99%     91.79% |          11      2.74%     94.53% |          13      3.23%     97.76% |           9      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8      4.49%      4.49% |           3      1.69%      6.18% |           2      1.12%      7.30% |           1      0.56%      7.87% |           7      3.93%     11.80% |           0      0.00%     11.80% |          12      6.74%     18.54% |           5      2.81%     21.35% |           0      0.00%     21.35% |           7      3.93%     25.28% |           5      2.81%     28.09% |          11      6.18%     34.27% |           1      0.56%     34.83% |           4      2.25%     37.08% |           6      3.37%     40.45% |           7      3.93%     44.38% |           6      3.37%     47.75% |           5      2.81%     50.56% |           8      4.49%     55.06% |           9      5.06%     60.11% |           0      0.00%     60.11% |           6      3.37%     63.48% |          16      8.99%     72.47% |           8      4.49%     76.97% |           4      2.25%     79.21% |          11      6.18%     85.39% |           4      2.25%     87.64% |           4      2.25%     89.89% |          10      5.62%     95.51% |           8      4.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      688240     28.59%     28.59% |           0      0.00%     28.59% |       58324      2.42%     31.01% |       58898      2.45%     33.46% |       58135      2.41%     35.87% |       58963      2.45%     38.32% |       58557      2.43%     40.75% |       57784      2.40%     43.16% |       58144      2.42%     45.57% |       58759      2.44%     48.01% |       53941      2.24%     50.25% |       58587      2.43%     52.69% |       58910      2.45%     55.13% |       57409      2.38%     57.52% |       55351      2.30%     59.82% |       45506      1.89%     61.71% |       52524      2.18%     63.89% |       58640      2.44%     66.32% |       57825      2.40%     68.73% |       54622      2.27%     71.00% |       57320      2.38%     73.38% |       56704      2.36%     75.73% |       58792      2.44%     78.17% |       57844      2.40%     80.58% |       57617      2.39%     82.97% |       57802      2.40%     85.37% |       59663      2.48%     87.85% |       57728      2.40%     90.25% |       59340      2.46%     92.71% |       58379      2.43%     95.14% |       58709      2.44%     97.58% |       58351      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2407368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     25.00%     50.00% |           2     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19      3.27%      3.27% |          17      2.93%      6.20% |          15      2.58%      8.78% |          14      2.41%     11.19% |          15      2.58%     13.77% |          14      2.41%     16.18% |          25      4.30%     20.48% |          25      4.30%     24.78% |          14      2.41%     27.19% |          26      4.48%     31.67% |          29      4.99%     36.66% |          31      5.34%     42.00% |          13      2.24%     44.23% |          11      1.89%     46.13% |          12      2.07%     48.19% |          18      3.10%     51.29% |          19      3.27%     54.56% |          23      3.96%     58.52% |          21      3.61%     62.13% |          25      4.30%     66.44% |           8      1.38%     67.81% |          21      3.61%     71.43% |          28      4.82%     76.25% |          22      3.79%     80.03% |          17      2.93%     82.96% |          32      5.51%     88.47% |          12      2.07%     90.53% |          15      2.58%     93.12% |          23      3.96%     97.07% |          17      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          581                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3856      3.12%      3.12% |        3689      2.99%      6.11% |        3427      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3477      2.81%     14.52% |        3972      3.21%     17.73% |        3700      2.99%     20.73% |        3322      2.69%     23.42% |        3509      2.84%     26.26% |        5108      4.13%     30.39% |        3874      3.13%     33.53% |        3791      3.07%     36.59% |        3482      2.82%     39.41% |        4382      3.55%     42.96% |        3832      3.10%     46.06% |        3779      3.06%     49.12% |        4113      3.33%     52.44% |        4149      3.36%     55.80% |        3654      2.96%     58.76% |        3332      2.70%     61.45% |        3067      2.48%     63.94% |        3735      3.02%     66.96% |        3514      2.84%     69.80% |        3355      2.71%     72.52% |        3600      2.91%     75.43% |        3721      3.01%     78.44% |        3238      2.62%     81.06% |        4609      3.73%     84.79% |        3994      3.23%     88.02% |        5245      4.24%     92.27% |        5115      4.14%     96.41% |        4440      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      119388      6.27%      6.27% |       58150      3.05%      9.32% |       57164      3.00%     12.32% |       58027      3.05%     15.37% |       57479      3.02%     18.38% |       57178      3.00%     21.39% |       56815      2.98%     24.37% |       56798      2.98%     27.35% |       57025      2.99%     30.34% |       57411      3.01%     33.36% |       59012      3.10%     36.46% |       58628      3.08%     39.53% |       57994      3.04%     42.58% |       57130      3.00%     45.58% |       56555      2.97%     48.55% |       56801      2.98%     51.53% |       57850      3.04%     54.56% |       57452      3.02%     57.58% |       57620      3.02%     60.60% |       57784      3.03%     63.64% |       57664      3.03%     66.67% |       58591      3.08%     69.74% |       57840      3.04%     72.78% |       57196      3.00%     75.78% |       57354      3.01%     78.79% |       57723      3.03%     81.82% |       57205      3.00%     84.82% |       56923      2.99%     87.81% |       57538      3.02%     90.83% |       56786      2.98%     93.81% |       57417      3.01%     96.83% |       60426      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1904924                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       42943      3.92%      3.92% |       33930      3.10%      7.02% |       33665      3.07%     10.09% |       33843      3.09%     13.18% |       33686      3.08%     16.26% |       33581      3.07%     19.33% |       33885      3.09%     22.42% |       33595      3.07%     25.49% |       33732      3.08%     28.57% |       34413      3.14%     31.71% |       33661      3.07%     34.79% |       33749      3.08%     37.87% |       33970      3.10%     40.97% |       33564      3.07%     44.04% |       33535      3.06%     47.10% |       33624      3.07%     50.17% |       33732      3.08%     53.25% |       33727      3.08%     56.33% |       34045      3.11%     59.44% |       34020      3.11%     62.55% |       33848      3.09%     65.64% |       34985      3.19%     68.83% |       33798      3.09%     71.92% |       33908      3.10%     75.01% |       33910      3.10%     78.11% |       33895      3.10%     81.21% |       34036      3.11%     84.31% |       33948      3.10%     87.41% |       33785      3.09%     90.50% |       33782      3.08%     93.58% |       35891      3.28%     96.86% |       34361      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1095047                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      144040      5.98%      5.98% |       73636      3.06%      9.04% |       72317      3.00%     12.04% |       73441      3.05%     15.09% |       72664      3.02%     18.11% |       72100      2.99%     21.11% |       72082      2.99%     24.10% |       71987      2.99%     27.09% |       72240      3.00%     30.09% |       73170      3.04%     33.13% |       73932      3.07%     36.20% |       73866      3.07%     39.27% |       73470      3.05%     42.32% |       72139      3.00%     45.32% |       71400      2.97%     48.28% |       71877      2.99%     51.27% |       72935      3.03%     54.30% |       72458      3.01%     57.31% |       73090      3.04%     60.34% |       73365      3.05%     63.39% |       72952      3.03%     66.42% |       74622      3.10%     69.52% |       73113      3.04%     72.55% |       72964      3.03%     75.58% |       72879      3.03%     78.61% |       73002      3.03%     81.64% |       72794      3.02%     84.67% |       72631      3.02%     87.68% |       72974      3.03%     90.71% |       71950      2.99%     93.70% |       74924      3.11%     96.81% |       76696      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2407710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          47      6.68%      6.68% |          25      3.55%     10.23% |          34      4.83%     15.06% |          29      4.12%     19.18% |          43      6.11%     25.28% |          27      3.84%     29.12% |          29      4.12%     33.24% |          24      3.41%     36.65% |          14      1.99%     38.64% |          16      2.27%     40.91% |          28      3.98%     44.89% |          21      2.98%     47.87% |          24      3.41%     51.28% |          12      1.70%     52.98% |          20      2.84%     55.82% |          20      2.84%     58.66% |          15      2.13%     60.80% |          16      2.27%     63.07% |          20      2.84%     65.91% |          20      2.84%     68.75% |          23      3.27%     72.02% |          18      2.56%     74.57% |          13      1.85%     76.42% |          12      1.70%     78.13% |          11      1.56%     79.69% |          24      3.41%     83.10% |          19      2.70%     85.80% |          18      2.56%     88.35% |          23      3.27%     91.62% |          24      3.41%     95.03% |          18      2.56%     97.59% |          17      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       27750      4.04%      4.04% |       21254      3.09%      7.13% |       21252      3.09%     10.23% |       21257      3.09%     13.32% |       21199      3.09%     16.41% |       21199      3.09%     19.49% |       21241      3.09%     22.58% |       21242      3.09%     25.68% |       21242      3.09%     28.77% |       21276      3.10%     31.87% |       21288      3.10%     34.96% |       21316      3.10%     38.07% |       21248      3.09%     41.16% |       21249      3.09%     44.25% |       21267      3.10%     47.35% |       21286      3.10%     50.45% |       21312      3.10%     53.55% |       21309      3.10%     56.65% |       21265      3.10%     59.75% |       21325      3.10%     62.85% |       21213      3.09%     65.94% |       21266      3.10%     69.03% |       21266      3.10%     72.13% |       21284      3.10%     75.23% |       21272      3.10%     78.33% |       21250      3.09%     81.42% |       21283      3.10%     84.52% |       21326      3.10%     87.62% |       21258      3.09%     90.72% |       21220      3.09%     93.80% |       21299      3.10%     96.90% |       21267      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       686981                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       18953      3.15%      3.15% |       18903      3.14%      6.29% |       18857      3.13%      9.42% |       18760      3.12%     12.54% |       18771      3.12%     15.66% |       18788      3.12%     18.78% |       18710      3.11%     21.89% |       18816      3.13%     25.02% |       18768      3.12%     28.14% |       18833      3.13%     31.27% |       18897      3.14%     34.41% |       18742      3.11%     37.52% |       18783      3.12%     40.64% |       18831      3.13%     43.77% |       18769      3.12%     46.89% |       18763      3.12%     50.01% |       18758      3.12%     53.12% |       18831      3.13%     56.25% |       18830      3.13%     59.38% |       18711      3.11%     62.49% |       18787      3.12%     65.61% |       18830      3.13%     68.74% |       18739      3.11%     71.86% |       18715      3.11%     74.97% |       18825      3.13%     78.09% |       18942      3.15%     81.24% |       18879      3.14%     84.38% |       18776      3.12%     87.50% |       18861      3.13%     90.63% |       18838      3.13%     93.76% |       18726      3.11%     96.87% |       18807      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       601799                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47813      3.62%      3.62% |       41205      3.12%      6.73% |       41155      3.11%      9.84% |       41063      3.11%     12.95% |       41014      3.10%     16.05% |       41032      3.10%     19.15% |       40997      3.10%     22.26% |       41104      3.11%     25.36% |       41056      3.10%     28.47% |       41156      3.11%     31.58% |       41229      3.12%     34.70% |       41102      3.11%     37.81% |       41076      3.11%     40.91% |       41125      3.11%     44.02% |       41081      3.11%     47.13% |       41094      3.11%     50.24% |       41115      3.11%     53.35% |       41185      3.11%     56.46% |       41141      3.11%     59.57% |       41082      3.11%     62.68% |       41046      3.10%     65.78% |       41143      3.11%     68.90% |       41051      3.10%     72.00% |       41044      3.10%     75.10% |       41143      3.11%     78.22% |       41239      3.12%     81.33% |       41208      3.12%     84.45% |       41146      3.11%     87.56% |       41164      3.11%     90.68% |       41104      3.11%     93.78% |       41071      3.11%     96.89% |       41121      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1322305                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46790      3.63%      3.63% |       40181      3.12%      6.74% |       40131      3.11%      9.86% |       40039      3.10%     12.96% |       39990      3.10%     16.06% |       40008      3.10%     19.16% |       39973      3.10%     22.26% |       40080      3.11%     25.37% |       40032      3.10%     28.48% |       40132      3.11%     31.59% |       40205      3.12%     34.71% |       40079      3.11%     37.82% |       40052      3.11%     40.92% |       40101      3.11%     44.03% |       40057      3.11%     47.14% |       40070      3.11%     50.24% |       40091      3.11%     53.35% |       40162      3.11%     56.47% |       40117      3.11%     59.58% |       40058      3.11%     62.68% |       40022      3.10%     65.79% |       40119      3.11%     68.90% |       40027      3.10%     72.00% |       40020      3.10%     75.11% |       40119      3.11%     78.22% |       40215      3.12%     81.34% |       40184      3.12%     84.45% |       40122      3.11%     87.56% |       40140      3.11%     90.68% |       40080      3.11%     93.79% |       40047      3.11%     96.89% |       40097      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1289540                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        2111      3.20%      3.20% |        2089      3.17%      6.38% |        2023      3.07%      9.45% |        1964      2.98%     12.43% |        2006      3.05%     15.47% |        2092      3.18%     18.65% |        2029      3.08%     21.73% |        2030      3.08%     24.81% |        2093      3.18%     27.99% |        2079      3.16%     31.14% |        2106      3.20%     34.34% |        1999      3.03%     37.38% |        2027      3.08%     40.45% |        2091      3.17%     43.63% |        2073      3.15%     46.77% |        2030      3.08%     49.86% |        2014      3.06%     52.91% |        2046      3.11%     56.02% |        2098      3.18%     59.20% |        2049      3.11%     62.31% |        2057      3.12%     65.44% |        2131      3.23%     68.67% |        2078      3.15%     71.83% |        1990      3.02%     74.85% |        2060      3.13%     77.97% |        2118      3.22%     81.19% |        2054      3.12%     84.31% |        2024      3.07%     87.38% |        2041      3.10%     90.48% |        2178      3.31%     93.79% |        2048      3.11%     96.89% |        2046      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        65874                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1623      2.93%      2.93% |        1635      2.95%      5.88% |        1708      3.08%      8.96% |        1694      3.06%     12.01% |        1740      3.14%     15.15% |        1698      3.06%     18.21% |        1746      3.15%     21.36% |        1711      3.09%     24.45% |        1787      3.22%     27.67% |        1802      3.25%     30.92% |        1868      3.37%     34.29% |        1878      3.39%     37.68% |        1906      3.44%     41.11% |        1895      3.42%     44.53% |        1903      3.43%     47.96% |        1778      3.21%     51.17% |        1754      3.16%     54.33% |        1731      3.12%     57.45% |        1722      3.11%     60.56% |        1722      3.11%     63.67% |        1764      3.18%     66.85% |        1715      3.09%     69.94% |        1743      3.14%     73.08% |        1663      3.00%     76.08% |        1661      3.00%     79.08% |        1677      3.02%     82.10% |        1639      2.96%     85.06% |        1622      2.93%     87.98% |        1645      2.97%     90.95% |        1654      2.98%     93.93% |        1691      3.05%     96.98% |        1672      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        55447                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        4382      3.17%      3.17% |        4437      3.21%      6.38% |        4512      3.26%      9.64% |        4498      3.25%     12.90% |        4441      3.21%     16.11% |        4432      3.21%     19.32% |        4476      3.24%     22.55% |        4361      3.15%     25.71% |        4329      3.13%     28.84% |        4352      3.15%     31.99% |        4348      3.15%     35.13% |        4316      3.12%     38.26% |        4228      3.06%     41.31% |        4166      3.01%     44.33% |        4278      3.09%     47.42% |        4231      3.06%     50.48% |        4210      3.05%     53.53% |        4246      3.07%     56.60% |        4227      3.06%     59.66% |        4195      3.03%     62.69% |        4228      3.06%     65.75% |        4225      3.06%     68.81% |        4211      3.05%     71.85% |        4231      3.06%     74.91% |        4293      3.11%     78.02% |        4317      3.12%     81.14% |        4366      3.16%     84.30% |        4321      3.13%     87.43% |        4347      3.14%     90.57% |        4372      3.16%     93.73% |        4350      3.15%     96.88% |        4314      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total       138240                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4844      3.16%      3.16% |        4821      3.14%      6.30% |        4833      3.15%      9.45% |        4750      3.10%     12.55% |        4829      3.15%     15.69% |        4842      3.16%     18.85% |        4789      3.12%     21.97% |        4727      3.08%     25.05% |        4785      3.12%     28.17% |        4822      3.14%     31.31% |        4835      3.15%     34.47% |        4757      3.10%     37.57% |        4792      3.12%     40.69% |        4894      3.19%     43.88% |        4824      3.14%     47.02% |        4711      3.07%     50.10% |        4858      3.17%     53.26% |        4840      3.15%     56.42% |        4732      3.08%     59.50% |        4683      3.05%     62.55% |        4677      3.05%     65.60% |        4960      3.23%     68.84% |        4746      3.09%     71.93% |        4616      3.01%     74.94% |        4774      3.11%     78.05% |        4905      3.20%     81.25% |        4837      3.15%     84.40% |        4708      3.07%     87.47% |        4769      3.11%     90.58% |        4899      3.19%     93.77% |        4863      3.17%     96.94% |        4695      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       153417                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1616      2.92%      2.92% |        1631      2.95%      5.87% |        1703      3.08%      8.95% |        1691      3.06%     12.01% |        1733      3.13%     15.14% |        1693      3.06%     18.20% |        1740      3.15%     21.34% |        1706      3.08%     24.43% |        1783      3.22%     27.65% |        1798      3.25%     30.90% |        1860      3.36%     34.26% |        1875      3.39%     37.65% |        1902      3.44%     41.09% |        1894      3.42%     44.52% |        1900      3.43%     47.95% |        1777      3.21%     51.16% |        1751      3.17%     54.33% |        1728      3.12%     57.45% |        1716      3.10%     60.55% |        1718      3.11%     63.66% |        1762      3.19%     66.84% |        1710      3.09%     69.94% |        1739      3.14%     73.08% |        1659      3.00%     76.08% |        1659      3.00%     79.08% |        1675      3.03%     82.11% |        1633      2.95%     85.06% |        1617      2.92%     87.98% |        1642      2.97%     90.95% |        1650      2.98%     93.93% |        1688      3.05%     96.98% |        1669      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        55318                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      150546      5.75%      5.75% |       80137      3.06%      8.82% |       78787      3.01%     11.83% |       79791      3.05%     14.88% |       79162      3.03%     17.90% |       78717      3.01%     20.91% |       78572      3.00%     23.92% |       78336      2.99%     26.91% |       78769      3.01%     29.92% |       79791      3.05%     32.97% |       80605      3.08%     36.05% |       80390      3.07%     39.13% |       80060      3.06%     42.19% |       78946      3.02%     45.20% |       78058      2.98%     48.19% |       78317      2.99%     51.18% |       79451      3.04%     54.22% |       78968      3.02%     57.24% |       79558      3.04%     60.28% |       79786      3.05%     63.33% |       79430      3.04%     66.36% |       81403      3.11%     69.47% |       79695      3.05%     72.52% |       79278      3.03%     75.55% |       79314      3.03%     78.58% |       79611      3.04%     81.62% |       79216      3.03%     84.65% |       78944      3.02%     87.67% |       79381      3.03%     90.70% |       78613      3.00%     93.71% |       81448      3.11%     96.82% |       83141      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2616221                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         471      3.24%      3.24% |         416      2.87%      6.11% |         424      2.92%      9.03% |         421      2.90%     11.93% |         432      2.98%     14.91% |         408      2.81%     17.72% |         430      2.96%     20.68% |         481      3.31%     23.99% |         447      3.08%     27.07% |         433      2.98%     30.06% |         460      3.17%     33.23% |         459      3.16%     36.39% |         489      3.37%     39.76% |         468      3.22%     42.98% |         480      3.31%     46.29% |         469      3.23%     49.52% |         481      3.31%     52.83% |         485      3.34%     56.17% |         481      3.31%     59.49% |         448      3.09%     62.57% |         435      3.00%     65.57% |         464      3.20%     68.77% |         426      2.93%     71.70% |         427      2.94%     74.64% |         475      3.27%     77.91% |         498      3.43%     81.34% |         475      3.27%     84.62% |         429      2.96%     87.57% |         454      3.13%     90.70% |         464      3.20%     93.90% |         461      3.18%     97.07% |         425      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14516                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25161      4.20%      4.20% |       18624      3.11%      7.31% |       18589      3.10%     10.41% |       18519      3.09%     13.50% |       18470      3.08%     16.58% |       18496      3.09%     19.67% |       18460      3.08%     22.75% |       18479      3.08%     25.83% |       18466      3.08%     28.92% |       18548      3.10%     32.01% |       18623      3.11%     35.12% |       18491      3.09%     38.21% |       18466      3.08%     41.29% |       18526      3.09%     44.38% |       18499      3.09%     47.47% |       18494      3.09%     50.55% |       18491      3.09%     53.64% |       18524      3.09%     56.73% |       18504      3.09%     59.82% |       18475      3.08%     62.90% |       18463      3.08%     65.98% |       18532      3.09%     69.07% |       18530      3.09%     72.17% |       18462      3.08%     75.25% |       18501      3.09%     78.34% |       18582      3.10%     81.44% |       18568      3.10%     84.54% |       18552      3.10%     87.63% |       18576      3.10%     90.73% |       18496      3.09%     93.82% |       18478      3.08%     96.90% |       18559      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       599204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       22182      3.13%      3.13% |       22165      3.13%      6.26% |       22142      3.12%      9.38% |       22123      3.12%     12.51% |       22112      3.12%     15.63% |       22128      3.12%     18.75% |       22107      3.12%     21.87% |       22144      3.13%     24.99% |       22143      3.12%     28.12% |       22175      3.13%     31.25% |       22147      3.13%     34.37% |       22153      3.13%     37.50% |       22121      3.12%     40.62% |       22131      3.12%     43.75% |       22102      3.12%     46.86% |       22131      3.12%     49.99% |       22143      3.12%     53.11% |       22176      3.13%     56.24% |       22156      3.13%     59.37% |       22159      3.13%     62.50% |       22148      3.13%     65.62% |       22147      3.13%     68.75% |       22095      3.12%     71.87% |       22155      3.13%     74.99% |       22167      3.13%     78.12% |       22159      3.13%     81.25% |       22165      3.13%     84.38% |       22166      3.13%     87.50% |       22134      3.12%     90.63% |       22144      3.13%     93.75% |       22132      3.12%     96.88% |       22137      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       708589                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          23      6.95%      6.95% |          12      3.63%     10.57% |          17      5.14%     15.71% |          13      3.93%     19.64% |          20      6.04%     25.68% |          13      3.93%     29.61% |          13      3.93%     33.53% |          12      3.63%     37.16% |           7      2.11%     39.27% |           7      2.11%     41.39% |          12      3.63%     45.02% |          10      3.02%     48.04% |          10      3.02%     51.06% |           5      1.51%     52.57% |          10      3.02%     55.59% |          10      3.02%     58.61% |           6      1.81%     60.42% |           8      2.42%     62.84% |          10      3.02%     65.86% |           8      2.42%     68.28% |          10      3.02%     71.30% |           9      2.72%     74.02% |           7      2.11%     76.13% |           6      1.81%     77.95% |           5      1.51%     79.46% |          10      3.02%     82.48% |           8      2.42%     84.89% |           9      2.72%     87.61% |          10      3.02%     90.63% |          12      3.63%     94.26% |          11      3.32%     97.58% |           8      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        7864      3.05%      3.05% |        8015      3.11%      6.16% |        8059      3.13%      9.29% |        8089      3.14%     12.43% |        7997      3.10%     15.54% |        8092      3.14%     18.68% |        8129      3.16%     21.84% |        8083      3.14%     24.97% |        8004      3.11%     28.08% |        8112      3.15%     31.23% |        8121      3.15%     34.38% |        8067      3.13%     37.52% |        7994      3.10%     40.62% |        7876      3.06%     43.68% |        8079      3.14%     46.81% |        8130      3.16%     49.97% |        8153      3.17%     53.14% |        8264      3.21%     56.34% |        8171      3.17%     59.52% |        8077      3.14%     62.65% |        8077      3.14%     65.79% |        8103      3.15%     68.93% |        7987      3.10%     72.03% |        7984      3.10%     75.13% |        8062      3.13%     78.26% |        8109      3.15%     81.41% |        8072      3.13%     84.55% |        7992      3.10%     87.65% |        7989      3.10%     90.75% |        8028      3.12%     93.87% |        7932      3.08%     96.95% |        7865      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       257576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           2      1.22%      1.22% |           2      1.22%      2.44% |           3      1.83%      4.27% |           2      1.22%      5.49% |           5      3.05%      8.54% |           3      1.83%     10.37% |           2      1.22%     11.59% |           2      1.22%     12.80% |           9      5.49%     18.29% |           3      1.83%     20.12% |           7      4.27%     24.39% |          10      6.10%     30.49% |          12      7.32%     37.80% |           4      2.44%     40.24% |           7      4.27%     44.51% |           6      3.66%     48.17% |           5      3.05%     51.22% |           4      2.44%     53.66% |           8      4.88%     58.54% |           7      4.27%     62.80% |           4      2.44%     65.24% |           7      4.27%     69.51% |          10      6.10%     75.61% |           5      3.05%     78.66% |           2      1.22%     79.88% |           4      2.44%     82.32% |           8      4.88%     87.20% |           5      3.05%     90.24% |           3      1.83%     92.07% |           7      4.27%     96.34% |           2      1.22%     97.56% |           4      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          164                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        3140      3.15%      3.15% |        3098      3.11%      6.26% |        3162      3.18%      9.44% |        3145      3.16%     12.60% |        3154      3.17%     15.76% |        3096      3.11%     18.87% |        3152      3.17%     22.04% |        3162      3.18%     25.21% |        3144      3.16%     28.37% |        3102      3.11%     31.49% |        3134      3.15%     34.63% |        3141      3.15%     37.79% |        3151      3.16%     40.95% |        3108      3.12%     44.07% |        3159      3.17%     47.24% |        3094      3.11%     50.35% |        3106      3.12%     53.47% |        3096      3.11%     56.58% |        3089      3.10%     59.68% |        3037      3.05%     62.73% |        3073      3.09%     65.82% |        3095      3.11%     68.92% |        3052      3.06%     71.99% |        2996      3.01%     75.00% |        3093      3.11%     78.10% |        3142      3.16%     81.26% |        3139      3.15%     84.41% |        3070      3.08%     87.49% |        3120      3.13%     90.63% |        3144      3.16%     93.78% |        3152      3.17%     96.95% |        3038      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        99584                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       83534      8.74%      8.74% |       28678      3.00%     11.74% |       27616      2.89%     14.63% |       28523      2.98%     17.62% |       28072      2.94%     20.55% |       27704      2.90%     23.45% |       27300      2.86%     26.31% |       27341      2.86%     29.17% |       27614      2.89%     32.06% |       27843      2.91%     34.98% |       29294      3.07%     38.04% |       29121      3.05%     41.09% |       28571      2.99%     44.08% |       27790      2.91%     46.99% |       26991      2.82%     49.81% |       27249      2.85%     52.66% |       28301      2.96%     55.62% |       27784      2.91%     58.53% |       28076      2.94%     61.47% |       28354      2.97%     64.44% |       28204      2.95%     67.39% |       28992      3.03%     70.42% |       28403      2.97%     73.39% |       27949      2.92%     76.32% |       27971      2.93%     79.25% |       28193      2.95%     82.20% |       27724      2.90%     85.10% |       27547      2.88%     87.98% |       28109      2.94%     90.92% |       27414      2.87%     93.79% |       28128      2.94%     96.73% |       31209      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       955599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       20004      5.53%      5.53% |       11006      3.04%      8.57% |       10753      2.97%     11.54% |       10930      3.02%     14.57% |       10777      2.98%     17.55% |       10663      2.95%     20.49% |       10987      3.04%     23.53% |       10696      2.96%     26.49% |       10839      3.00%     29.48% |       11474      3.17%     32.66% |       10765      2.98%     35.63% |       10824      2.99%     38.62% |       11061      3.06%     41.68% |       10649      2.94%     44.63% |       10664      2.95%     47.57% |       10725      2.96%     50.54% |       10831      2.99%     53.53% |       10804      2.99%     56.52% |       11114      3.07%     59.59% |       11098      3.07%     62.66% |       10871      3.01%     65.66% |       12004      3.32%     68.98% |       10900      3.01%     72.00% |       10989      3.04%     75.03% |       11002      3.04%     78.07% |       10968      3.03%     81.11% |       11114      3.07%     84.18% |       11039      3.05%     87.23% |       10880      3.01%     90.24% |       10865      3.00%     93.24% |       12987      3.59%     96.83% |       11460      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       361743                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       26307      4.10%      4.10% |       19801      3.09%      7.19% |       19870      3.10%     10.29% |       19884      3.10%     13.40% |       19827      3.09%     16.49% |       19749      3.08%     19.57% |       19800      3.09%     22.66% |       19842      3.10%     25.76% |       19783      3.09%     28.85% |       19839      3.10%     31.94% |       19810      3.09%     35.03% |       19893      3.10%     38.14% |       19821      3.09%     41.23% |       19781      3.09%     44.32% |       19770      3.08%     47.40% |       19842      3.10%     50.50% |       19883      3.10%     53.60% |       19869      3.10%     56.70% |       19807      3.09%     59.79% |       19861      3.10%     62.89% |       19815      3.09%     65.98% |       19774      3.09%     69.07% |       19772      3.09%     72.15% |       19904      3.11%     75.26% |       19844      3.10%     78.35% |       19785      3.09%     81.44% |       19855      3.10%     84.54% |       19894      3.10%     87.64% |       19844      3.10%     90.74% |       19702      3.07%     93.81% |       19821      3.09%     96.91% |       19830      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       640879                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       13488      3.15%      3.15% |       13442      3.14%      6.28% |       13378      3.12%      9.41% |       13416      3.13%     12.54% |       13301      3.10%     15.64% |       13299      3.10%     18.74% |       13327      3.11%     21.85% |       13454      3.14%     24.99% |       13345      3.11%     28.11% |       13365      3.12%     31.23% |       13426      3.13%     34.36% |       13406      3.13%     37.49% |       13387      3.12%     40.61% |       13313      3.11%     43.72% |       13366      3.12%     46.84% |       13465      3.14%     49.98% |       13312      3.11%     53.09% |       13382      3.12%     56.21% |       13452      3.14%     59.35% |       13439      3.14%     62.48% |       13449      3.14%     65.62% |       13226      3.09%     68.71% |       13405      3.13%     71.84% |       13485      3.15%     74.98% |       13417      3.13%     78.11% |       13382      3.12%     81.24% |       13410      3.13%     84.37% |       13471      3.14%     87.51% |       13462      3.14%     90.65% |       13275      3.10%     93.75% |       13290      3.10%     96.85% |       13500      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       428535                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1616      2.92%      2.92% |        1631      2.95%      5.87% |        1703      3.08%      8.95% |        1691      3.06%     12.01% |        1733      3.13%     15.14% |        1693      3.06%     18.20% |        1740      3.15%     21.34% |        1706      3.08%     24.43% |        1783      3.22%     27.65% |        1798      3.25%     30.90% |        1860      3.36%     34.26% |        1875      3.39%     37.65% |        1902      3.44%     41.09% |        1894      3.42%     44.52% |        1900      3.43%     47.95% |        1777      3.21%     51.16% |        1751      3.17%     54.33% |        1728      3.12%     57.45% |        1716      3.10%     60.55% |        1718      3.11%     63.66% |        1762      3.19%     66.84% |        1710      3.09%     69.94% |        1739      3.14%     73.08% |        1659      3.00%     76.08% |        1659      3.00%     79.08% |        1675      3.03%     82.11% |        1633      2.95%     85.06% |        1617      2.92%     87.98% |        1642      2.97%     90.95% |        1650      2.98%     93.93% |        1688      3.05%     96.98% |        1669      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        55318                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         755      3.07%      3.07% |         755      3.07%      6.14% |         768      3.12%      9.26% |         785      3.19%     12.45% |         792      3.22%     15.67% |         790      3.21%     18.88% |         790      3.21%     22.10% |         755      3.07%     25.16% |         749      3.04%     28.21% |         761      3.09%     31.30% |         746      3.03%     34.34% |         770      3.13%     37.47% |         781      3.18%     40.64% |         782      3.18%     43.82% |         769      3.13%     46.95% |         767      3.12%     50.07% |         758      3.08%     53.15% |         745      3.03%     56.18% |         769      3.13%     59.30% |         759      3.09%     62.39% |         791      3.22%     65.60% |         812      3.30%     68.90% |         802      3.26%     72.16% |         764      3.11%     75.27% |         740      3.01%     78.28% |         768      3.12%     81.40% |         756      3.07%     84.47% |         742      3.02%     87.49% |         770      3.13%     90.62% |         772      3.14%     93.76% |         772      3.14%     96.90% |         763      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        24598                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      144035      5.98%      5.98% |       73631      3.06%      9.04% |       72311      3.00%     12.05% |       73437      3.05%     15.10% |       72653      3.02%     18.11% |       72092      2.99%     21.11% |       72075      2.99%     24.10% |       71982      2.99%     27.09% |       72224      3.00%     30.09% |       73164      3.04%     33.13% |       73916      3.07%     36.20% |       73846      3.07%     39.27% |       73447      3.05%     42.32% |       72133      3.00%     45.32% |       71386      2.97%     48.28% |       71866      2.99%     51.27% |       72924      3.03%     54.30% |       72448      3.01%     57.31% |       73073      3.04%     60.34% |       73347      3.05%     63.39% |       72943      3.03%     66.42% |       74609      3.10%     69.52% |       73096      3.04%     72.55% |       72954      3.03%     75.58% |       72875      3.03%     78.61% |       72994      3.03%     81.64% |       72776      3.02%     84.67% |       72620      3.02%     87.68% |       72967      3.03%     90.71% |       71937      2.99%     93.70% |       74919      3.11%     96.81% |       76688      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2407368                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |        1443      3.13%      3.13% |        1451      3.15%      6.28% |        1381      3.00%      9.28% |        1372      2.98%     12.25% |        1371      2.98%     15.23% |        1448      3.14%     18.37% |        1440      3.12%     21.50% |        1400      3.04%     24.53% |        1459      3.17%     27.70% |        1436      3.12%     30.82% |        1477      3.21%     34.02% |        1423      3.09%     37.11% |        1426      3.09%     40.20% |        1468      3.19%     43.39% |        1496      3.25%     46.63% |        1444      3.13%     49.77% |        1429      3.10%     52.87% |        1440      3.12%     55.99% |        1457      3.16%     59.16% |        1464      3.18%     62.33% |        1398      3.03%     65.37% |        1492      3.24%     68.60% |        1494      3.24%     71.84% |        1380      2.99%     74.84% |        1427      3.10%     77.94% |        1462      3.17%     81.11% |        1428      3.10%     84.21% |        1432      3.11%     87.31% |        1414      3.07%     90.38% |        1518      3.29%     93.68% |        1478      3.21%     96.88% |        1436      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        46084                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2325      3.16%      3.16% |        2363      3.21%      6.36% |        2317      3.14%      9.51% |        2199      2.98%     12.49% |        2316      3.14%     15.64% |        2393      3.25%     18.88% |        2231      3.03%     21.91% |        2200      2.99%     24.90% |        2279      3.09%     27.99% |        2366      3.21%     31.20% |        2337      3.17%     34.37% |        2195      2.98%     37.35% |        2245      3.05%     40.40% |        2410      3.27%     43.67% |        2244      3.05%     46.72% |        2204      2.99%     49.71% |        2340      3.18%     52.88% |        2353      3.19%     56.08% |        2289      3.11%     59.18% |        2235      3.03%     62.22% |        2265      3.07%     65.29% |        2509      3.41%     68.70% |        2282      3.10%     71.79% |        2234      3.03%     74.82% |        2315      3.14%     77.97% |        2418      3.28%     81.25% |        2330      3.16%     84.41% |        2235      3.03%     87.44% |        2279      3.09%     90.54% |        2419      3.28%     93.82% |        2284      3.10%     96.92% |        2269      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        73680                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     33.75%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |           0      0.00%     33.75% |          18     22.50%     56.25% |          17     21.25%     77.50% |          18     22.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           80                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           3      1.69%      1.69% |           1      0.56%      2.26% |           3      1.69%      3.95% |           3      1.69%      5.65% |           2      1.13%      6.78% |           1      0.56%      7.34% |           0      0.00%      7.34% |           2      1.13%      8.47% |           0      0.00%      8.47% |           2      1.13%      9.60% |          35     19.77%     29.38% |           2      1.13%     30.51% |           3      1.69%     32.20% |           3      1.69%     33.90% |           3      1.69%     35.59% |           2      1.13%     36.72% |           2      1.13%     37.85% |           5      2.82%     40.68% |           1      0.56%     41.24% |           3      1.69%     42.94% |           3      1.69%     44.63% |          64     36.16%     80.79% |          17      9.60%     90.40% |           1      0.56%     90.96% |           1      0.56%     91.53% |           1      0.56%     92.09% |           3      1.69%     93.79% |           3      1.69%     95.48% |           5      2.82%     98.31% |           1      0.56%     98.87% |           0      0.00%     98.87% |           2      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          177                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      1.92%      1.92% |           0      0.00%      1.92% |           0      0.00%      1.92% |           0      0.00%      1.92% |           1      1.92%      3.85% |           0      0.00%      3.85% |           0      0.00%      3.85% |           0      0.00%      3.85% |           1      1.92%      5.77% |           2      3.85%      9.62% |           2      3.85%     13.46% |           2      3.85%     17.31% |           1      1.92%     19.23% |           2      3.85%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           1      1.92%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2      3.85%     28.85% |           1      1.92%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |          29     55.77%     86.54% |           4      7.69%     94.23% |           1      1.92%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      1.92%     98.08% |           1      1.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           2      2.82%      2.82% |           1      1.41%      4.23% |           1      1.41%      5.63% |           3      4.23%      9.86% |           5      7.04%     16.90% |           1      1.41%     18.31% |           5      7.04%     25.35% |           1      1.41%     26.76% |           1      1.41%     28.17% |           2      2.82%     30.99% |           4      5.63%     36.62% |           1      1.41%     38.03% |           4      5.63%     43.66% |           2      2.82%     46.48% |           1      1.41%     47.89% |           2      2.82%     50.70% |           3      4.23%     54.93% |           1      1.41%     56.34% |           1      1.41%     57.75% |           5      7.04%     64.79% |           4      5.63%     70.42% |           0      0.00%     70.42% |           1      1.41%     71.83% |           0      0.00%     71.83% |           1      1.41%     73.24% |           5      7.04%     80.28% |           3      4.23%     84.51% |           2      2.82%     87.32% |           4      5.63%     92.96% |           0      0.00%     92.96% |           1      1.41%     94.37% |           4      5.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46790      3.63%      3.63% |       40181      3.12%      6.74% |       40131      3.11%      9.86% |       40039      3.10%     12.96% |       39990      3.10%     16.06% |       40008      3.10%     19.16% |       39973      3.10%     22.26% |       40080      3.11%     25.37% |       40032      3.10%     28.48% |       40132      3.11%     31.59% |       40205      3.12%     34.71% |       40079      3.11%     37.82% |       40052      3.11%     40.92% |       40101      3.11%     44.03% |       40057      3.11%     47.14% |       40070      3.11%     50.24% |       40091      3.11%     53.35% |       40162      3.11%     56.47% |       40117      3.11%     59.58% |       40058      3.11%     62.68% |       40022      3.10%     65.79% |       40119      3.11%     68.90% |       40027      3.10%     72.00% |       40020      3.10%     75.11% |       40119      3.11%     78.22% |       40215      3.12%     81.34% |       40184      3.12%     84.45% |       40122      3.11%     87.56% |       40140      3.11%     90.68% |       40080      3.11%     93.79% |       40047      3.11%     96.89% |       40097      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1289540                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          15      9.87%      9.87% |           7      4.61%     14.47% |          10      6.58%     21.05% |           8      5.26%     26.32% |           8      5.26%     31.58% |           6      3.95%     35.53% |           3      1.97%     37.50% |           6      3.95%     41.45% |           2      1.32%     42.76% |           3      1.97%     44.74% |           3      1.97%     46.71% |           7      4.61%     51.32% |           6      3.95%     55.26% |           3      1.97%     57.24% |           5      3.29%     60.53% |           6      3.95%     64.47% |           3      1.97%     66.45% |           4      2.63%     69.08% |           3      1.97%     71.05% |           4      2.63%     73.68% |           5      3.29%     76.97% |           1      0.66%     77.63% |           1      0.66%     78.29% |           2      1.32%     79.61% |           1      0.66%     80.26% |           6      3.95%     84.21% |           2      1.32%     85.53% |           4      2.63%     88.16% |           4      2.63%     90.79% |           7      4.61%     95.39% |           4      2.63%     98.03% |           3      1.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |        1494      3.24%      3.24% |        1449      3.14%      6.38% |        1380      2.99%      9.38% |        1371      2.97%     12.35% |        1370      2.97%     15.32% |        1446      3.14%     18.46% |        1439      3.12%     21.58% |        1399      3.04%     24.62% |        1457      3.16%     27.78% |        1435      3.11%     30.89% |        1474      3.20%     34.09% |        1423      3.09%     37.18% |        1426      3.09%     40.27% |        1468      3.18%     43.46% |        1496      3.25%     46.70% |        1444      3.13%     49.83% |        1429      3.10%     52.93% |        1439      3.12%     56.06% |        1456      3.16%     59.21% |        1464      3.18%     62.39% |        1397      3.03%     65.42% |        1488      3.23%     68.65% |        1491      3.23%     71.88% |        1380      2.99%     74.88% |        1426      3.09%     77.97% |        1461      3.17%     81.14% |        1427      3.10%     84.24% |        1430      3.10%     87.34% |        1411      3.06%     90.40% |        1516      3.29%     93.69% |        1476      3.20%     96.89% |        1433      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        46095                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.98%      6.98% |           2      4.65%     11.63% |           1      2.33%     13.95% |           1      2.33%     16.28% |           1      2.33%     18.60% |           2      4.65%     23.26% |           1      2.33%     25.58% |           1      2.33%     27.91% |           2      4.65%     32.56% |           1      2.33%     34.88% |           3      6.98%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           1      2.33%     44.19% |           1      2.33%     46.51% |           0      0.00%     46.51% |           1      2.33%     48.84% |           4      9.30%     58.14% |           3      6.98%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           1      2.33%     67.44% |           1      2.33%     69.77% |           1      2.33%     72.09% |           2      4.65%     76.74% |           3      6.98%     83.72% |           2      4.65%     88.37% |           2      4.65%     93.02% |           3      6.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           1      5.26%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |          14     73.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.17%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           1      4.17%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           4     16.67%     25.00% |          17     70.83%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           7      4.70%      4.70% |           5      3.36%      8.05% |           6      4.03%     12.08% |           5      3.36%     15.44% |          10      6.71%     22.15% |           7      4.70%     26.85% |           8      5.37%     32.21% |           5      3.36%     35.57% |           4      2.68%     38.26% |           4      2.68%     40.94% |           9      6.04%     46.98% |           3      2.01%     48.99% |           4      2.68%     51.68% |           2      1.34%     53.02% |           4      2.68%     55.70% |           2      1.34%     57.05% |           3      2.01%     59.06% |           3      2.01%     61.07% |           6      4.03%     65.10% |           3      2.01%     67.11% |           4      2.68%     69.80% |           7      4.70%     74.50% |           4      2.68%     77.18% |           4      2.68%     79.87% |           4      2.68%     82.55% |           3      2.01%     84.56% |           6      4.03%     88.59% |           3      2.01%     90.60% |           5      3.36%     93.96% |           5      3.36%     97.32% |           2      1.34%     98.66% |           2      1.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          149                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         617      3.12%      3.12% |         640      3.24%      6.36% |         643      3.25%      9.61% |         593      3.00%     12.61% |         636      3.22%     15.82% |         646      3.27%     19.09% |         590      2.98%     22.07% |         631      3.19%     25.26% |         636      3.22%     28.48% |         644      3.26%     31.73% |         632      3.20%     34.93% |         576      2.91%     37.84% |         601      3.04%     40.88% |         623      3.15%     44.03% |         577      2.92%     46.95% |         586      2.96%     49.91% |         585      2.96%     52.87% |         607      3.07%     55.94% |         642      3.25%     59.18% |         585      2.96%     62.14% |         660      3.34%     65.48% |         643      3.25%     68.73% |         587      2.97%     71.70% |         610      3.08%     74.78% |         634      3.21%     77.99% |         655      3.31%     81.30% |         627      3.17%     84.47% |         594      3.00%     87.48% |         630      3.19%     90.66% |         662      3.35%     94.01% |         572      2.89%     96.90% |         613      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        19777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           7      5.34%      5.34% |           4      3.05%      8.40% |           5      3.82%     12.21% |           3      2.29%     14.50% |           7      5.34%     19.85% |           5      3.82%     23.66% |           6      4.58%     28.24% |           5      3.82%     32.06% |           4      3.05%     35.11% |           4      3.05%     38.17% |           8      6.11%     44.27% |           3      2.29%     46.56% |           4      3.05%     49.62% |           1      0.76%     50.38% |           3      2.29%     52.67% |           1      0.76%     53.44% |           3      2.29%     55.73% |           3      2.29%     58.02% |           6      4.58%     62.60% |           4      3.05%     65.65% |           2      1.53%     67.18% |           5      3.82%     70.99% |           4      3.05%     74.05% |           4      3.05%     77.10% |           2      1.53%     78.63% |           4      3.05%     81.68% |           6      4.58%     86.26% |           5      3.82%     90.08% |           3      2.29%     92.37% |           4      3.05%     95.42% |           3      2.29%     97.71% |           3      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          131                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        1701      3.16%      3.16% |        1719      3.20%      6.36% |        1669      3.10%      9.46% |        1603      2.98%     12.45% |        1673      3.11%     15.56% |        1742      3.24%     18.80% |        1635      3.04%     21.84% |        1564      2.91%     24.75% |        1639      3.05%     27.79% |        1718      3.19%     30.99% |        1697      3.16%     34.14% |        1616      3.01%     37.15% |        1640      3.05%     40.20% |        1786      3.32%     43.52% |        1664      3.09%     46.62% |        1617      3.01%     49.62% |        1752      3.26%     52.88% |        1743      3.24%     56.12% |        1641      3.05%     59.17% |        1646      3.06%     62.23% |        1603      2.98%     65.22% |        1861      3.46%     68.68% |        1691      3.14%     71.82% |        1620      3.01%     74.83% |        1679      3.12%     77.96% |        1759      3.27%     81.23% |        1697      3.16%     84.38% |        1636      3.04%     87.43% |        1646      3.06%     90.49% |        1753      3.26%     93.75% |        1709      3.18%     96.93% |        1653      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        53772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        4382      3.17%      3.17% |        4437      3.21%      6.38% |        4512      3.26%      9.64% |        4498      3.25%     12.90% |        4441      3.21%     16.11% |        4432      3.21%     19.32% |        4476      3.24%     22.55% |        4361      3.15%     25.71% |        4329      3.13%     28.84% |        4352      3.15%     31.99% |        4348      3.15%     35.13% |        4316      3.12%     38.26% |        4228      3.06%     41.31% |        4166      3.01%     44.33% |        4278      3.09%     47.42% |        4231      3.06%     50.48% |        4210      3.05%     53.53% |        4246      3.07%     56.60% |        4227      3.06%     59.66% |        4195      3.03%     62.69% |        4228      3.06%     65.75% |        4225      3.06%     68.81% |        4211      3.05%     71.85% |        4231      3.06%     74.91% |        4293      3.11%     78.02% |        4315      3.12%     81.14% |        4366      3.16%     84.30% |        4321      3.13%     87.43% |        4347      3.14%     90.57% |        4372      3.16%     93.73% |        4350      3.15%     96.88% |        4314      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total       138238                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        3140      3.15%      3.15% |        3098      3.11%      6.26% |        3162      3.18%      9.44% |        3145      3.16%     12.60% |        3154      3.17%     15.76% |        3096      3.11%     18.87% |        3152      3.17%     22.04% |        3162      3.18%     25.21% |        3144      3.16%     28.37% |        3102      3.11%     31.49% |        3134      3.15%     34.63% |        3141      3.15%     37.79% |        3151      3.16%     40.95% |        3108      3.12%     44.07% |        3159      3.17%     47.24% |        3094      3.11%     50.35% |        3106      3.12%     53.47% |        3096      3.11%     56.58% |        3089      3.10%     59.68% |        3037      3.05%     62.73% |        3073      3.09%     65.82% |        3095      3.11%     68.92% |        3052      3.06%     71.99% |        2996      3.01%     75.00% |        3093      3.11%     78.10% |        3142      3.16%     81.26% |        3139      3.15%     84.41% |        3070      3.08%     87.49% |        3120      3.13%     90.63% |        3144      3.16%     93.78% |        3152      3.17%     96.95% |        3038      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        99584                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |        1092      3.25%      3.25% |        1095      3.26%      6.52% |        1087      3.24%      9.76% |        1094      3.26%     13.02% |        1062      3.16%     16.18% |        1064      3.17%     19.35% |        1072      3.19%     22.55% |        1079      3.22%     25.76% |        1042      3.11%     28.87% |        1011      3.01%     31.88% |         971      2.89%     34.77% |         968      2.88%     37.66% |         944      2.81%     40.47% |         932      2.78%     43.25% |         972      2.90%     46.15% |        1049      3.13%     49.27% |        1073      3.20%     52.47% |        1065      3.17%     55.64% |        1070      3.19%     58.83% |        1061      3.16%     61.99% |        1047      3.12%     65.11% |        1084      3.23%     68.34% |        1035      3.08%     71.43% |        1041      3.10%     74.53% |        1068      3.18%     77.71% |        1059      3.16%     80.87% |        1112      3.31%     84.18% |        1103      3.29%     87.47% |        1090      3.25%     90.72% |        1078      3.21%     93.93% |        1050      3.13%     97.06% |         987      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        33557                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24069      4.26%      4.26% |       17529      3.10%      7.35% |       17502      3.09%     10.45% |       17425      3.08%     13.53% |       17408      3.08%     16.61% |       17432      3.08%     19.69% |       17388      3.07%     22.76% |       17400      3.08%     25.84% |       17424      3.08%     28.92% |       17537      3.10%     32.02% |       17652      3.12%     35.14% |       17522      3.10%     38.24% |       17522      3.10%     41.34% |       17594      3.11%     44.45% |       17527      3.10%     47.54% |       17445      3.08%     50.63% |       17418      3.08%     53.71% |       17459      3.09%     56.79% |       17434      3.08%     59.88% |       17414      3.08%     62.95% |       17416      3.08%     66.03% |       17448      3.08%     69.12% |       17495      3.09%     72.21% |       17421      3.08%     75.29% |       17433      3.08%     78.37% |       17523      3.10%     81.47% |       17456      3.09%     84.56% |       17449      3.08%     87.64% |       17486      3.09%     90.73% |       17418      3.08%     93.81% |       17428      3.08%     96.89% |       17572      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       565646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        1562      3.25%      3.25% |        1511      3.14%      6.39% |        1511      3.14%      9.54% |        1515      3.15%     12.69% |        1494      3.11%     15.80% |        1472      3.06%     18.86% |        1502      3.12%     21.98% |        1560      3.25%     25.23% |        1489      3.10%     28.33% |        1444      3.00%     31.33% |        1430      2.97%     34.30% |        1427      2.97%     37.27% |        1433      2.98%     40.25% |        1400      2.91%     43.17% |        1452      3.02%     46.19% |        1518      3.16%     49.34% |        1554      3.23%     52.58% |        1550      3.22%     55.80% |        1551      3.23%     59.03% |        1509      3.14%     62.17% |        1482      3.08%     65.25% |        1548      3.22%     68.47% |        1461      3.04%     71.51% |        1468      3.05%     74.56% |        1543      3.21%     77.77% |        1557      3.24%     81.01% |        1587      3.30%     84.31% |        1531      3.18%     87.50% |        1544      3.21%     90.71% |        1542      3.21%     93.92% |        1511      3.14%     97.06% |        1412      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        48070                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           2     15.38%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           2     15.38%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           2     15.38%     53.85% |           5     38.46%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       22182      3.13%      3.13% |       22165      3.13%      6.26% |       22142      3.12%      9.38% |       22123      3.12%     12.51% |       22112      3.12%     15.63% |       22128      3.12%     18.75% |       22107      3.12%     21.87% |       22144      3.13%     24.99% |       22143      3.12%     28.12% |       22175      3.13%     31.25% |       22147      3.13%     34.37% |       22153      3.13%     37.50% |       22121      3.12%     40.62% |       22131      3.12%     43.75% |       22102      3.12%     46.86% |       22131      3.12%     49.99% |       22143      3.12%     53.11% |       22176      3.13%     56.24% |       22156      3.13%     59.37% |       22159      3.13%     62.50% |       22148      3.13%     65.62% |       22147      3.13%     68.75% |       22095      3.12%     71.87% |       22155      3.13%     74.99% |       22167      3.13%     78.12% |       22159      3.13%     81.25% |       22165      3.13%     84.38% |       22166      3.13%     87.50% |       22134      3.12%     90.63% |       22144      3.13%     93.75% |       22132      3.12%     96.88% |       22137      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       708589                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         111      3.32%      3.32% |         106      3.17%      6.50% |         103      3.08%      9.58% |         105      3.14%     12.72% |         139      4.16%     16.88% |         123      3.68%     20.56% |         107      3.20%     23.77% |         103      3.08%     26.85% |         114      3.41%     30.26% |          94      2.81%     33.07% |         105      3.14%     36.22% |         102      3.05%     39.27% |         109      3.26%     42.53% |         104      3.11%     45.65% |         109      3.26%     48.91% |          97      2.90%     51.81% |          77      2.30%     54.12% |          81      2.42%     56.54% |          80      2.39%     58.93% |          92      2.75%     61.69% |         105      3.14%     64.83% |          86      2.57%     67.40% |         126      3.77%     71.18% |          97      2.90%     74.08% |          89      2.66%     76.74% |          96      2.87%     79.62% |          84      2.51%     82.13% |         102      3.05%     85.18% |         119      3.56%     88.75% |         112      3.35%     92.10% |         131      3.92%     96.02% |         133      3.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         3341                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.86%      2.86% |           0      0.00%      2.86% |           0      0.00%      2.86% |           1      2.86%      5.71% |           3      8.57%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           1      2.86%     25.71% |           1      2.86%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.86%     31.43% |           1      2.86%     34.29% |           0      0.00%     34.29% |           0      0.00%     34.29% |           2      5.71%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           3      8.57%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           2      5.71%     68.57% |           2      5.71%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      150544      5.75%      5.75% |       80133      3.06%      8.82% |       78781      3.01%     11.83% |       79786      3.05%     14.88% |       79161      3.03%     17.90% |       78717      3.01%     20.91% |       78572      3.00%     23.92% |       78336      2.99%     26.91% |       78769      3.01%     29.92% |       79790      3.05%     32.97% |       80604      3.08%     36.05% |       80390      3.07%     39.13% |       80056      3.06%     42.19% |       78946      3.02%     45.20% |       78053      2.98%     48.19% |       78317      2.99%     51.18% |       79451      3.04%     54.22% |       78968      3.02%     57.24% |       79549      3.04%     60.28% |       79784      3.05%     63.33% |       79430      3.04%     66.36% |       81403      3.11%     69.47% |       79695      3.05%     72.52% |       79278      3.03%     75.55% |       79313      3.03%     78.58% |       79611      3.04%     81.62% |       79215      3.03%     84.65% |       78943      3.02%     87.67% |       79379      3.03%     90.70% |       78613      3.00%     93.71% |       81447      3.11%     96.82% |       83141      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2616175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           6      5.61%      5.61% |           0      0.00%      5.61% |           3      2.80%      8.41% |           3      2.80%     11.21% |           4      3.74%     14.95% |           4      3.74%     18.69% |           5      4.67%     23.36% |           4      3.74%     27.10% |           2      1.87%     28.97% |           3      2.80%     31.78% |           1      0.93%     32.71% |           1      0.93%     33.64% |           3      2.80%     36.45% |           5      4.67%     41.12% |           1      0.93%     42.06% |           0      0.00%     42.06% |           1      0.93%     42.99% |           1      0.93%     43.93% |           1      0.93%     44.86% |           3      2.80%     47.66% |           2      1.87%     49.53% |           3      2.80%     52.34% |           3      2.80%     55.14% |           3      2.80%     57.94% |           3      2.80%     60.75% |           7      6.54%     67.29% |           7      6.54%     73.83% |           7      6.54%     80.37% |           5      4.67%     85.05% |           7      6.54%     91.59% |           8      7.48%     99.07% |           1      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total          107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           2      1.55%      1.55% |           2      1.55%      3.10% |           2      1.55%      4.65% |           2      1.55%      6.20% |           5      3.88%     10.08% |           2      1.55%     11.63% |           1      0.78%     12.40% |           2      1.55%     13.95% |           6      4.65%     18.60% |           3      2.33%     20.93% |           6      4.65%     25.58% |           9      6.98%     32.56% |          11      8.53%     41.09% |           2      1.55%     42.64% |           5      3.88%     46.51% |           4      3.10%     49.61% |           3      2.33%     51.94% |           3      2.33%     54.26% |           7      5.43%     59.69% |           7      5.43%     65.12% |           2      1.55%     66.67% |           4      3.10%     69.77% |           7      5.43%     75.19% |           4      3.10%     78.29% |           1      0.78%     79.07% |           2      1.55%     80.62% |           8      6.20%     86.82% |           5      3.88%     90.70% |           3      2.33%     93.02% |           5      3.88%     96.90% |           2      1.55%     98.45% |           2      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          129                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1580      2.98%      2.98% |        1588      3.00%      5.98% |        1650      3.11%      9.10% |        1642      3.10%     12.19% |        1675      3.16%     15.36% |        1646      3.11%     18.46% |        1683      3.18%     21.64% |        1657      3.13%     24.77% |        1676      3.16%     27.93% |        1726      3.26%     31.19% |        1774      3.35%     34.54% |        1779      3.36%     37.90% |        1834      3.46%     41.36% |        1804      3.41%     44.77% |        1799      3.40%     48.16% |        1715      3.24%     51.40% |        1669      3.15%     54.55% |        1652      3.12%     57.67% |        1641      3.10%     60.77% |        1633      3.08%     63.85% |        1654      3.12%     66.97% |        1638      3.09%     70.06% |        1669      3.15%     73.21% |        1572      2.97%     76.18% |        1566      2.96%     79.14% |        1588      3.00%     82.14% |        1560      2.94%     85.08% |        1516      2.86%     87.94% |        1579      2.98%     90.92% |        1571      2.97%     93.89% |        1636      3.09%     96.98% |        1601      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        52973                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          36      1.54%      1.54% |          43      1.84%      3.37% |          53      2.26%      5.63% |          49      2.09%      7.73% |          58      2.48%     10.20% |          47      2.01%     12.21% |          57      2.43%     14.64% |          49      2.09%     16.73% |         107      4.57%     21.30% |          72      3.07%     24.37% |          86      3.67%     28.04% |          96      4.10%     32.14% |          68      2.90%     35.04% |          90      3.84%     38.88% |         101      4.31%     43.19% |          62      2.65%     45.84% |          82      3.50%     49.34% |          76      3.24%     52.58% |          75      3.20%     55.78% |          85      3.63%     59.41% |         108      4.61%     64.02% |          72      3.07%     67.09% |          70      2.99%     70.08% |          87      3.71%     73.79% |          93      3.97%     77.76% |          85      3.63%     81.39% |          73      3.12%     84.51% |         101      4.31%     88.82% |          63      2.69%     91.51% |          79      3.37%     94.88% |          52      2.22%     97.10% |          68      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2343                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          36      1.54%      1.54% |          43      1.84%      3.37% |          53      2.26%      5.63% |          49      2.09%      7.73% |          58      2.48%     10.20% |          47      2.01%     12.21% |          57      2.43%     14.64% |          49      2.09%     16.73% |         107      4.57%     21.30% |          72      3.07%     24.37% |          86      3.67%     28.04% |          96      4.10%     32.14% |          68      2.90%     35.04% |          90      3.84%     38.88% |         101      4.31%     43.19% |          62      2.65%     45.84% |          82      3.50%     49.34% |          76      3.24%     52.58% |          75      3.20%     55.78% |          85      3.63%     59.41% |         108      4.61%     64.02% |          72      3.07%     67.09% |          70      2.99%     70.08% |          87      3.71%     73.79% |          93      3.97%     77.76% |          85      3.63%     81.39% |          73      3.12%     84.51% |         101      4.31%     88.82% |          63      2.69%     91.51% |          79      3.37%     94.88% |          52      2.22%     97.10% |          68      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2343                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     14.29%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           2     14.29%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           2     14.29%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           2     14.29%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           2     14.29%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1580      2.98%      2.98% |        1588      3.00%      5.98% |        1650      3.11%      9.09% |        1642      3.10%     12.19% |        1675      3.16%     15.36% |        1646      3.11%     18.46% |        1683      3.18%     21.64% |        1657      3.13%     24.77% |        1676      3.16%     27.93% |        1726      3.26%     31.19% |        1774      3.35%     34.54% |        1779      3.36%     37.90% |        1834      3.46%     41.36% |        1804      3.41%     44.76% |        1799      3.40%     48.16% |        1715      3.24%     51.40% |        1669      3.15%     54.55% |        1652      3.12%     57.67% |        1641      3.10%     60.76% |        1633      3.08%     63.85% |        1654      3.12%     66.97% |        1638      3.09%     70.06% |        1669      3.15%     73.21% |        1572      2.97%     76.18% |        1566      2.96%     79.14% |        1590      3.00%     82.14% |        1560      2.94%     85.08% |        1516      2.86%     87.94% |        1579      2.98%     90.92% |        1571      2.97%     93.89% |        1636      3.09%     96.98% |        1601      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        52975                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      450600     21.66%     21.66% |     1040286     50.00%     71.66% |       19725      0.95%     72.61% |       19988      0.96%     73.57% |       20108      0.97%     74.53% |       20865      1.00%     75.54% |       20344      0.98%     76.51% |       20317      0.98%     77.49% |       19017      0.91%     78.40% |       19971      0.96%     79.36% |       18111      0.87%     80.23% |       20277      0.97%     81.21% |       20580      0.99%     82.20% |       19345      0.93%     83.13% |       18913      0.91%     84.04% |       15483      0.74%     84.78% |       17597      0.85%     85.63% |       20833      1.00%     86.63% |       20297      0.98%     87.60% |       18981      0.91%     88.52% |       19188      0.92%     89.44% |       19264      0.93%     90.36% |       19939      0.96%     91.32% |       19351      0.93%     92.25% |       20206      0.97%     93.22% |       20198      0.97%     94.19% |       20385      0.98%     95.17% |       20093      0.97%     96.14% |       19839      0.95%     97.09% |       20193      0.97%     98.06% |       19770      0.95%     99.01% |       20508      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2080572                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      450600     21.66%     21.66% |     1040286     50.00%     71.66% |       19725      0.95%     72.61% |       19988      0.96%     73.57% |       20108      0.97%     74.53% |       20865      1.00%     75.54% |       20344      0.98%     76.51% |       20317      0.98%     77.49% |       19017      0.91%     78.40% |       19971      0.96%     79.36% |       18111      0.87%     80.23% |       20277      0.97%     81.21% |       20580      0.99%     82.20% |       19345      0.93%     83.13% |       18913      0.91%     84.04% |       15483      0.74%     84.78% |       17597      0.85%     85.63% |       20833      1.00%     86.63% |       20297      0.98%     87.60% |       18981      0.91%     88.52% |       19188      0.92%     89.44% |       19264      0.93%     90.36% |       19939      0.96%     91.32% |       19351      0.93%     92.25% |       20206      0.97%     93.22% |       20198      0.97%     94.19% |       20385      0.98%     95.17% |       20093      0.97%     96.14% |       19839      0.95%     97.09% |       20193      0.97%     98.06% |       19770      0.95%     99.01% |       20508      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2080572                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      450600     21.66%     21.66% |     1040286     50.00%     71.66% |       19725      0.95%     72.61% |       19988      0.96%     73.57% |       20108      0.97%     74.53% |       20865      1.00%     75.54% |       20344      0.98%     76.51% |       20317      0.98%     77.49% |       19017      0.91%     78.40% |       19971      0.96%     79.36% |       18111      0.87%     80.23% |       20277      0.97%     81.21% |       20580      0.99%     82.20% |       19345      0.93%     83.13% |       18913      0.91%     84.04% |       15483      0.74%     84.78% |       17597      0.85%     85.63% |       20833      1.00%     86.63% |       20297      0.98%     87.60% |       18981      0.91%     88.52% |       19188      0.92%     89.44% |       19264      0.93%     90.36% |       19939      0.96%     91.32% |       19351      0.93%     92.25% |       20206      0.97%     93.22% |       20198      0.97%     94.19% |       20385      0.98%     95.17% |       20093      0.97%     96.14% |       19839      0.95%     97.09% |       20193      0.97%     98.06% |       19770      0.95%     99.01% |       20508      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2080572                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      450600     21.66%     21.66% |     1040286     50.00%     71.66% |       19725      0.95%     72.61% |       19988      0.96%     73.57% |       20108      0.97%     74.53% |       20865      1.00%     75.54% |       20344      0.98%     76.51% |       20317      0.98%     77.49% |       19017      0.91%     78.40% |       19971      0.96%     79.36% |       18111      0.87%     80.23% |       20277      0.97%     81.21% |       20580      0.99%     82.20% |       19345      0.93%     83.13% |       18913      0.91%     84.04% |       15483      0.74%     84.78% |       17597      0.85%     85.63% |       20833      1.00%     86.63% |       20297      0.98%     87.60% |       18981      0.91%     88.52% |       19188      0.92%     89.44% |       19264      0.93%     90.36% |       19939      0.96%     91.32% |       19351      0.93%     92.25% |       20206      0.97%     93.22% |       20198      0.97%     94.19% |       20385      0.98%     95.17% |       20093      0.97%     96.14% |       19839      0.95%     97.09% |       20193      0.97%     98.06% |       19770      0.95%     99.01% |       20508      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2080572                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
