
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056735                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56734580000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5232902658500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30256                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    53661                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               75895254                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3580644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   747.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22617488                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40113399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12638528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12638528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8043840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8043840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125685                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125685                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    222765869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            222765869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    141780198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           141780198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    364546067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           364546067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197477                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125685                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197477                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125685                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12636992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8043840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12638528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8043840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             7999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    69399                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     6559                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  56734091000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197477                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125685                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  68862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 72869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  16835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  18453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  19232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  19621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  20060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   8245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   9492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  13747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        82920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   249.397009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.803894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   219.353488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25046     30.21%     30.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21089     25.43%     55.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21708     26.18%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5249      6.33%     88.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3702      4.46%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1876      2.26%     94.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1174      1.42%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          840      1.01%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2236      2.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        82920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.222746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.165095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17582     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      0.06%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.143629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.485466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.586275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12611     71.68%     71.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2120     12.05%     83.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1727      9.82%     93.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1136      6.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 32270883950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            35973127700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 987265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   163435.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              182185.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      222.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      141.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   222.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   141.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.60                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  155149                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  85059                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    175559.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11627491000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43209040250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              315894600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              310912560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              172363125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              169644750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             768027000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             771958200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            407034720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407339280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22311004410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21789606600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14467470000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14924836500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42147162015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42079666050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          742.931607                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.741850                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12412224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12412224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7826496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7826496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    218777049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            218777049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137949307                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137949307                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    356726356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           356726356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193941                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122289                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193941                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122289                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12410560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7826496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12412224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7826496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           12003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    62678                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     6387                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  56733813000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193941                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122289                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  67643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  2097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  2167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  2353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  2340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  2387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  2488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 66198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  16357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  17934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  18618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  19018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  19578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   8213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   9275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  13296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        75687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.370618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.705942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.614126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18802     24.84%     24.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19941     26.35%     51.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21711     28.69%     79.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5266      6.96%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3829      5.06%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1835      2.42%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1143      1.51%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          834      1.10%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2326      3.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        75687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17093                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.344703                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.538157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17085     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        17093                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17093                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.154332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.493863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.587958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12148     71.07%     71.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2148     12.57%     83.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1716     10.04%     93.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1081      6.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        17093                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 30936930182                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34572836432                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 969575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   159538.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              178288.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      218.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   218.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.58                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  154045                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  86464                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    179406.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11892903750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    42943627500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              289752120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              282396240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              158098875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              154085250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             755001000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             757403400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            396349200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396018720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22088032380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21530297070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14663059500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15152301000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42055661235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          41977869840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.318715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          739.947480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12411840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12411840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7826752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7826752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    218770281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            218770281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137953819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137953819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    356724100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           356724100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193935                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122293                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193935                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122293                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12410304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7826560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12411840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7826752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    63429                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     6255                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  56734438000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193935                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122293                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  67737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  2211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  2279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  2366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  2475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 66973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  16320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  17940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  18698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  19074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  19581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   8244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   9331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  13105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        75705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.304511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.283312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   222.561351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18501     24.44%     24.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20070     26.51%     50.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22053     29.13%     80.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5226      6.90%     86.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3746      4.95%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1837      2.43%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1175      1.55%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          790      1.04%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2307      3.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        75705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17090                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.345875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.606682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17082     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        17090                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17090                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.155647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.494933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.587988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12129     70.97%     70.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2206     12.91%     83.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1647      9.64%     93.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1108      6.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        17090                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 31077884905                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34713716155                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 969555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   160268.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              179018.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      218.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   218.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  153914                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  86576                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                79.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    179409.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11874925750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    42961740250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              289071720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              283197600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              157727625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              154522500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             755281800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             757091400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            396245520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396154800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21840362820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21337727985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14880347250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15321255000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42024404895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          41955317445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.767023                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.549214                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12390720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12390720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7824768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7824768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    218398021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            218398021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137918849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137918849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    356316871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           356316871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193605                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122262                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193605                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122262                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12389696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7824576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12390720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7824768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           12002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    56812                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     6142                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  56733538000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193605                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122262                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  67371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  2495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  2522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  2635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  2709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  3101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 60498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  16302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  18084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  18831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  19235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  19591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   8088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   9174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  12957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        75171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   268.901145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.861935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.059286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18042     24.00%     24.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20097     26.74%     50.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21977     29.24%     79.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5242      6.97%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3677      4.89%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1827      2.43%     94.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1194      1.59%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          776      1.03%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2339      3.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        75171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17083                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.331733                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.291390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17074     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        17083                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17083                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.156764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.496855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.586930                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12125     70.98%     70.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2217     12.98%     83.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1639      9.59%     93.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1102      6.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        17083                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 30297905458                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            33927699208                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   156506.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              175256.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      218.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   218.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.56                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  153778                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  86893                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    179612.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11621884500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43214646750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              286433280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              281836800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              156288000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              153780000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             753207000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             756662400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            396044640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396161280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21823066170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21103246800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14895486000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15526906500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42015893250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          41923961940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.617722                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          738.997241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7052880                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 54.335767                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.076428                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               111.947501                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6723883     95.34%     95.34% |      186767      2.65%     97.98% |      106407      1.51%     99.49% |       34117      0.48%     99.98% |        1705      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7052880                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15845588                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.586915                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.695820                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.758771                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14412152     90.95%     90.95% |      913453      5.76%     96.72% |       21785      0.14%     96.86% |       20781      0.13%     96.99% |       26913      0.17%     97.16% |       41747      0.26%     97.42% |       79804      0.50%     97.92% |      146144      0.92%     98.85% |      182809      1.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15845588                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15845587                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              41.038003                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.189119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            207.342060                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15646198     98.74%     98.74% |      167836      1.06%     99.80% |       28480      0.18%     99.98% |        2882      0.02%    100.00% |         189      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15845587                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14668361                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000367                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000315                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.019593                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14663088     99.96%     99.96% |        5192      0.04%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14668361                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177226                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        514.990992                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       268.094881                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       579.655541                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      977837     83.06%     83.06% |      167836     14.26%     97.32% |       28480      2.42%     99.74% |        2882      0.24%     99.98% |         189      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177226                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         108916                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       108916                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          348                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          284                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          298                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          287                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10938962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509972                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11448934                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3725237                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124092                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3849329                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       260824                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22411                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       110687                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529057                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47682                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        17150                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        17210                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          521                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67887                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        17326                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          535                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68412                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        17180                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        17342                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        17097                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        17648                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67905                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68413                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        17708                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81379                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12392                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24290                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36682                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12220                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24305                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36525                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10446                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24246                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34692                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9826                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24263                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24236                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9224                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24266                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33490                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33935                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11327                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24315                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35642                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10251                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10442                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24232                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34674                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10820                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35032                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8751                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24206                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35185                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16490                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24249                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40739                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10510                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34724                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10422                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10661                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34898                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24275                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34948                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24236                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34423                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11328                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35506                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12454                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24211                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36665                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13149                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37363                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11697                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24246                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35943                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15026                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24186                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39212                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18388                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42566                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9169                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33373                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8662                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8767                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24220                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32987                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9730                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24233                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33963                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10854                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9483207                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9483207                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9701177                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9483207                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4103443                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4090643                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9483207                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.083575                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4577756                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4577756                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4771439                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4577756                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2260095                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2246132                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4577756                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.040344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3827696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3827696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4055268                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3827696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1560215                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1546084                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3827696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.033733                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3357808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3357808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3570762                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3357808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1410579                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1398968                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3357808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4016823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4016823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4264966                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4016823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1938311                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1910999                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4016823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.035400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4034846                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4034846                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4275016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4034846                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1906053                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1891470                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4034846                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.035559                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4698280                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4698280                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4975029                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4698280                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1796614                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1778432                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4698280                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041406                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3425448                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3425448                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3682431                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3425448                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1409793                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1391836                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3425448                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.030188                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2342496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2342496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2465129                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2342496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1019823                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010852                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2342496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.020644                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2868061                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2868061                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3056659                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2868061                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1336615                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1319749                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2868061                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.025276                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2041430                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2041430                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2121873                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2041430                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       828252                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       822206                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2041430                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017991                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1728846                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1728846                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1748532                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1728846                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       695192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694702                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1728846                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015236                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2153828                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2153828                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2182940                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2153828                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       974886                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       974108                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2153828                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.018982                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1805382                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1805382                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1827645                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1805382                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       734061                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733502                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1805382                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015911                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1075349                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1075349                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1095875                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1075349                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       416954                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415825                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1075349                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009477                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1581953                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1581953                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1623213                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1581953                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       621600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619893                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1581953                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013942                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2110716                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2110716                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2153677                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2110716                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       776163                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       773596                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2110716                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018602                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1672756                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1672756                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1719301                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1672756                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       638377                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       635252                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1672756                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014742                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1632774                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1632774                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1695022                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1632774                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       652986                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       649250                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1632774                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014390                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946243                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946243                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       963966                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946243                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       375151                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374327                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946243                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008339                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       919272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       919272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       922931                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       919271                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415457                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415387                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       919271                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008102                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1153345                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1153345                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1158648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153345                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550789                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550357                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1153345                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010164                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       998493                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       998493                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1004249                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       998493                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       440952                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       440857                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       998493                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008800                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       626878                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       626878                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626878                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626878                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258190                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258190                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       626878                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005525                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       866073                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       866073                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       869627                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       866073                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363741                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363689                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       866073                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007633                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1079560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1079560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1085186                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1079560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507595                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507204                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1079560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009514                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       986020                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       986020                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       991691                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       986020                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428297                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428212                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       986020                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008690                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632357                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632357                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632357                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632357                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258877                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258877                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632357                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005573                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3893829                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3893829                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4217974                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3893829                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1608217                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1601381                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3893829                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034316                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3837087                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3837087                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4068408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3837087                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1557554                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1549763                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3837087                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033816                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3870028                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3870028                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4167846                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3870028                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1547867                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1538796                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3870028                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034106                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4019251                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4019251                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4293191                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4019251                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1629316                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1617447                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4019251                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035422                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5804672     27.50%     27.50% |    14236201     67.45%     94.95% |     1066989      5.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21107862                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5804673     27.50%     27.50% |    14236201     67.45%     94.95% |     1066989      5.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21107863                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   219132715                       |   358788936                       |    24553644                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   448556577                       |    57400697                       |     1066992                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.751093                       |   25.202576                       |   23.012087                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   77.275094                       |    4.032024                       |    1.000003                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.542696                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    24.020636                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         52.563332                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002958                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.064316      7.06%      7.06% |    0.064296      7.06%     14.12% |    0.062950      6.91%     21.03% |    0.062717      6.88%     27.91% |    0.154119     16.92%     44.83% |    0.150465     16.52%     61.35% |    0.153986     16.90%     78.25% |    0.150201     16.49%     94.74% |    0.011985      1.32%     96.05% |    0.011995      1.32%     97.37% |    0.011988      1.32%     98.68% |    0.011992      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.911012                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022656                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027618                       |    0.000001                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002872                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002875                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002875                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005369                       |    0.002840                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002802                       |    0.002665                       |    0.002683                       |    0.002638                       |    0.002648                       |    0.002698                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002831                       |    0.002735                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002727                       |    0.002670                       |    0.002694                       |    0.002783                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002755                       |    0.002766                       |    0.003056                       |    0.002739                       |    0.002733                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002769                       |    0.002837                       |    0.002862                       |    0.002961                       |    0.003144                       |    0.010428                       |    0.010238                       |    0.010238                       |    0.010220                       |    0.000215                       |           0                       |    0.000484                       |    0.001446                       |    0.000120                       |    0.000128                       |    0.000119                       |    0.000126                       |    0.000119                       |    0.000129                       |    0.000108                       |    0.000112                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002822                       |    0.000218                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002981                       |    0.002080                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002746                       |    0.000108                       |    0.003731                       |    0.007495                       |    0.002979                       |           0                       |    0.002893                       |    0.007685                       |           0                       |    0.007981                       |    0.011797                       |    0.003959                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002699                       |    0.000120                       |    0.008297                       |    0.007097                       |    0.011934                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002848                       |    0.000128                       |    0.011049                       |    0.007374                       |    0.004607                       |           0                       |    0.002881                       |    0.007503                       |           0                       |    0.011297                       |    0.007247                       |    0.004889                       |           0                       |    0.002776                       |           0                       |    0.005482                       |    0.003624                       |    0.003354                       |           0                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002082                       |           0                       |    0.003025                       |           0                       |    0.001389                       |    0.003056                       |    0.002694                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002742                       |    0.000112                       |    0.004002                       |    0.004561                       |    0.007625                       |    0.002647                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002707                       |    0.000119                       |    0.005259                       |    0.009562                       |    0.010358                       |    0.003809                       |    0.032536                       |    0.004551                       |    0.000484                       |    0.005240                       |    0.015075                       |    0.019908                       |    0.005781                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002872                       |    0.001446                       |    0.005396                       |    0.009346                       |    0.015522                       |    0.005759                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002712                       |    0.000126                       |    0.007860                       |    0.007865                       |    0.008541                       |    0.004870                       |           0                       |    0.002758                       |           0                       |    0.002508                       |    0.005455                       |    0.004323                       |    0.003938                       |           0                       |    0.002798                       |           0                       |    0.001262                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002704                       |           0                       |    0.002803                       |           0                       |    0.000467                       |    0.002739                       |    0.002792                       |           0                       |    0.002832                       |           0                       |    0.003946                       |    0.003367                       |    0.005122                       |    0.002725                       |           0                       |    0.002980                       |    0.007503                       |           0                       |    0.003083                       |    0.007977                       |    0.009822                       |    0.002742                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002685                       |    0.000119                       |    0.018466                       |    0.008286                       |    0.005445                       |    0.002818                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002713                       |    0.000129                       |    0.003676                       |    0.011143                       |    0.006189                       |    0.002753                       |           0                       |    0.003076                       |    0.007496                       |           0                       |    0.004011                       |    0.011538                       |    0.006521                       |    0.002780                       |           0                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.001631                       |    0.005452                       |    0.003261                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |    0.002801                       |           0                       |    0.000359                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |    0.002792                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002733                       |           0                       |    0.002725                       |           0                       |    0.001797                       |           0                       |    0.004956                       |           0                       |    0.002742                       |           0                       |    0.003690                       |    0.001349                       |    0.006160                       |           0                       |    0.002818                       |           0                       |    0.009028                       |    0.003550                       |    0.003206                       |           0                       |    0.002753                       |           0                       |    0.001796                       |    0.006841                       |    0.003352                       |           0                       |    0.002780                       |           0                       |    0.005547                       |    0.006063                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005524                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002769                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.911012                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5030004                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5030004                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3439692                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2813625                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.798748                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          350443                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30074                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9656839                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55089                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7837970                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103626                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9711928                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7941596                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17494809                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158715                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17653524                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3856376                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9523                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3865899                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3856376                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9523                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3865899                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                109908117                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14578064                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29405829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5030004                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3164068                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90318876                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       167418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       239248                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       323320                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3855743                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154069                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3829                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106114733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.509883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         95926897     90.40%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1546337      1.46%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           827709      0.78%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           758860      0.72%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           815436      0.77%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           861598      0.81%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           735384      0.69%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           494321      0.47%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4148191      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106114733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045766                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267549                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9300091                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89058315                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4708947                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2704165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343208                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       50435217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343208                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10435660                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51601532                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7430196                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6166138                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30137992                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49094600                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2048157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     51380817                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     120918384                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75204607                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      40943563                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10437239                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196345                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          18464053                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4915615                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8104127                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       623688                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       461377                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           47853459                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       275102                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50560225                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215526                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7782520                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12494534                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67857                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106114733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85879069     80.93%     80.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7461023      7.03%     87.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5385952      5.08%     93.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2394490      2.26%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2045155      1.93%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1509823      1.42%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878531      0.83%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342613      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218077      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106114733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106625     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680307     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90846     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235513      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      32462484     64.21%     64.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9802281     19.39%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7976867     15.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50560225                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.460023                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877778                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017361                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    208328403                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55918486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44472023                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       51202447                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       809311                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175377                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2686                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7748                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512559                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5760033                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343208                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4576908                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44962736                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48128561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114058                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4915615                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8104127                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       266005                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          71930                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44817958                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7748                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134145                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224912                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       359057                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50047010                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9649809                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355033                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17497191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3816490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7847382                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.455353                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               44552075                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              44472057                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          24813332                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40261665                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.404629                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.616302                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8005775                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       207245                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316696                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    104837912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.197304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89182390     85.07%     85.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5555092      5.30%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5129542      4.89%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1969702      1.88%     97.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       968507      0.92%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       331811      0.32%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219241      0.21%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311431      0.30%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1170196      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    104837912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     22617487                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40113396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11331801                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3740234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3442641                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39762885                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       273533                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     28589834     71.27%     71.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.13%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3740234      9.32%     81.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7591567     18.93%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40113396                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1170196                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            151698669                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            97520523                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84808                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3793384                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            22617487                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40113396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.859431                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.859431                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.205785                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.205785                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78010358                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        32491812                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19127411                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12897113                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        25709466                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1455659500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1455659500.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3273385                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        85.955521                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       38.190644                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      157.926265                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2945100     89.97%     89.97% |      186056      5.68%     95.65% |      106406      3.25%     98.91% |       34117      1.04%     99.95% |        1705      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3273385                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3763732                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.970306                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.472606                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       13.034265                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3736919     99.29%     99.29% |       20568      0.55%     99.83% |        3845      0.10%     99.94% |        1688      0.04%     99.98% |         515      0.01%     99.99% |         152      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3763732                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15763                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.148639                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.803883                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.259954                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         562      3.57%      3.57% |        1929     12.24%     15.80% |        7203     45.70%     61.50% |        3604     22.86%     84.36% |        2411     15.30%     99.66% |          43      0.27%     99.93% |           8      0.05%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15763                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3988155                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           76.300039                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.182847                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         294.200011                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3881262     97.32%     97.32% |       90687      2.27%     99.59% |       14562      0.37%     99.96% |        1518      0.04%    100.00% |         125      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3988155                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3521600                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001011                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000872                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.031944                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3518051     99.90%     99.90% |        3542      0.10%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3521600                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466555                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     629.567832                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    320.544806                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    627.064532                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      359662     77.09%     77.09% |       90687     19.44%     96.53% |       14562      3.12%     99.65% |        1518      0.33%     99.97% |         125      0.03%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466555                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7839694                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           41.137979                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.217458                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         203.446058                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7747261     98.82%     98.82% |       77102      0.98%     99.80% |       13905      0.18%     99.98% |        1361      0.02%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7839694                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7265307                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000236                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000201                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.016326                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7263682     99.98%     99.98% |        1551      0.02%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7265307                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574387                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     523.534706                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    313.194084                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    560.200238                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      481954     83.91%     83.91% |       77102     13.42%     97.33% |       13905      2.42%     99.75% |        1361      0.24%     99.99% |          64      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574387                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3849328                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.668812                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.328351                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      19.138300                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3849016     99.99%     99.99% |         254      0.01%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3849328                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3725237                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001371                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3725230    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3725237                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124091                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.787043                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.226465                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    68.769134                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123779     99.75%     99.75% |         254      0.20%     99.95% |          27      0.02%     99.98% |          17      0.01%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167090                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.804662                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805288                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    33.498076                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      167050     99.98%     99.98% |          35      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167090                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154931                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154839     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154931                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    96.502673                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.572400                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.523914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       12119     99.67%     99.67% |          35      0.29%     99.96% |           2      0.02%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         9156                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1031528                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        45708                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     4133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     7681                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    14231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    35348                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     4116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     7753                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    14070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    35424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     4101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   14107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   35311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    4131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    7707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   14087                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   35530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    4080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   14127                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   35394                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    4132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    7788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   14134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   35401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    4080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    7589                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   14037                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   35191                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    4090                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7566                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   13942                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   35382                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    379                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    927                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1481                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   4364                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                    855                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   1642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   4288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    898                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  1605                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  4401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   381                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   901                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  1625                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  4182                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   914                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  1585                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  4318                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   380                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   820                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  1578                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  4311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  1019                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  1675                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  4521                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  1042                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  1770                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  4330                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3359                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     3817                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     6317                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    14960                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3326                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     3778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     6358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    14715                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     3375                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     3845                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    6355                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   15025                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    3308                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    3824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    6368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   14656                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    3392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    3841                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    6384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   14896                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    3342                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    3751                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    6258                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   14757                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    3455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    3910                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    6512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   15241                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    3414                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    3955                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    6561                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   15060                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                   95717                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  102447                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  243094                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  589312                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   90387                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                   96517                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  234896                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  566227                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                   95689                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  101001                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 237969                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 576632                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                  91106                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                  88380                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 239736                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               31379568                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               30922988                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               30926844                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31072048                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               31393387                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30915948                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               30925022                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31074401                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31383190                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30930529                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30944964                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31089182                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31443997                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               30929523                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30929580                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               31094068                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31426039                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  170                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 3848                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 7752                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                21466                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  170                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 3860                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 7657                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                21507                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 3853                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                7706                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               21408                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                3854                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                7672                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               21607                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                 168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3832                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                7696                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               21507                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                 168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                3872                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                7719                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               21553                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                 169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                3796                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                7671                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               21391                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                 165                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                3777                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                7583                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               21445                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                472                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2694                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                460                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                951                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2653                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                467                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               902                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2752                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               466                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               936                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              2553                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               488                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               912                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses              2653                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               448                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               889                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2607                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               524                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               937                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses              2769                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               543                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses              1025                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses              2715                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                3963                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                3833                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                6479                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               13882                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                3946                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                3893                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6413                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               13917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                3935                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3857                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               6401                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              13903                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               3964                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               3853                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               6415                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              13923                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               3912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               3862                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               6431                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits              13887                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               3964                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3916                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               6415                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              13848                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               3911                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               3793                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               6366                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits              13800                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               3925                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               3789                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               6359                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits              13937                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               357                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               455                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               625                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              1670                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               374                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               395                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               691                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              1635                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               385                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               431                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              703                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             1649                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              356                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              435                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              689                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             1629                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              408                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              426                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              673                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             1665                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              356                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              372                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              689                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             1704                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              409                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              495                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              738                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             1752                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              395                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              499                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              745                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             1615                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 222782                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 318540                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 716735                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1472189                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 224008                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 311040                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 720546                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1446205                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 220391                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 318264                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                719410                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1472349                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                223081                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                312250                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                711028                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1416555                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                225455                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                318010                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                705303                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1458511                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                217260                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                316868                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                719137                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1480107                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                221301                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                318910                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                724704                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1502310                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                223553                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                317764                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                719562                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1479613                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 17871                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                130263                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                667696                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1371468                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 18387                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                135032                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                672765                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1355437                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 18549                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                152541                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               664932                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1380827                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                19642                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               125938                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               664328                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1320573                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                14880                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               137180                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               651362                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1365188                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                16456                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               135754                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               670763                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1391495                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                15958                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               138559                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               674917                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1405991                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                17673                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               137067                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               666095                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1393134                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             119925                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             436873                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             120733                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             448145                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             119564                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             409210                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            121146                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            463088                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            122059                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            451698                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            120801                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            428868                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            120500                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            445106                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            123018                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            446378                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               410919                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               239493                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               451350                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               670760                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               407459                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               215302                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               401189                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               635480                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               390650                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               240803                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              404797                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              660400                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              397659                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              210007                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              399518                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              596542                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              407118                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              218945                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              414234                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              621514                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              394366                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              239747                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              406430                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              618401                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              381898                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              225190                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              418770                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              681082                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              406308                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              214960                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              405060                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              636718                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            17871                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           130263                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           667696                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1371468                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            18387                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           135032                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           672765                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1355437                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            18549                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           152541                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          664932                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1380827                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           19642                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          125938                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          664328                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1320573                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           14880                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          137180                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          651362                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1365188                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           16456                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          135754                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          670763                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1391495                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           15958                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          138559                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          674917                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1405991                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           17673                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          137067                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          666095                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1393134                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          188019                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          215411                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          430596                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          670760                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          187920                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          203943                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          401189                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          635480                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          184105                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          216684                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         404797                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         660400                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         184557                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         199064                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         399518                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         596542                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         190741                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         207010                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         404471                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         621514                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         182613                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         215741                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         406430                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         618401                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         186114                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         209902                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         418770                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         681082                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         186967                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         206033                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         405060                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         636718                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             203984                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             282131                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             702771                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1440461                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             205557                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             270505                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             705250                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1414477                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             201811                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             292968                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            704114                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1440621                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            204199                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            279293                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            695732                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1384827                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            205363                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            281416                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            690007                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1426783                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            197438                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            287138                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            703841                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1448379                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            201864                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            287910                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            709408                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1470582                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            203548                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            283980                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            704266                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1447885                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              404                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              357                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              419                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110782581                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110949107                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111320914                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110782577                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110949103                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111320910                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110782583                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110949109                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111320916                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110782579                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110949105                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111320912                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110782588                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110949114                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111320921                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110782584                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110949110                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111320917                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110782600                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110949126                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111320933                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110782596                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110949122                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111320929                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1487852                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1557421                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1742297                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2103173                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1486212                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1551536                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1743627                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2113981                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1483188                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1552426                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1739632                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2123895                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1484453                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1550043                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1738385                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2091233                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1485380                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1551758                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         1742593                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2093057                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1485304                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1556826                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles          712252                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2122661                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1485719                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1555522                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles          717199                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2122744                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1486539                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1549764                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1749841                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2120860                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0                76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               654                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               270                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0                80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              655                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              267                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              647                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0               75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              263                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              657                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               83                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              661                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               907                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               797                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2632                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               936                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               829                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1427                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2837                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               891                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               764                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2624                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              962                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              787                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2802                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              872                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              788                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2656                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              927                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              841                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1472                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2750                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              812                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              752                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1264                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             2423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              850                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1295                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             2546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                59                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               646                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1582                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4495                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                59                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               607                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1704                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              4971                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               698                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             4424                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1688                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             4792                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               59                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              592                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1545                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             4492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              766                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1686                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             4995                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              536                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              515                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1449                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             4051                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           16165                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           31436                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           77262                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          280809                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           14546                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           23915                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles           94703                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          256656                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles           14528                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles           28985                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles          85465                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         277314                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles          13889                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          25681                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles          97214                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         252252                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles          18424                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles          29533                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles          92219                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles         256836                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles          15545                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles          26046                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles          91157                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         259613                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles          18764                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles          41282                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles          96833                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles         300347                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles          20043                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          37939                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles         109971                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles         289534                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197453     25.35%     25.35% |      193941     24.90%     50.25% |      193935     24.90%     75.14% |      193605     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778934                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119794     25.55%     25.55% |      116386     24.82%     50.37% |      116390     24.82%     75.19% |      116359     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       468929                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197477     25.35%     25.35% |      193941     24.90%     50.25% |      193935     24.90%     75.15% |      193605     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778958                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125685     25.52%     25.52% |      122289     24.83%     50.35% |      122293     24.83%     75.18% |      122262     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       492529                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69467     25.06%     25.06% |       69363     25.02%     50.08% |       69353     25.02%     75.09% |       69054     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       277237                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197453     25.35%     25.35% |      193941     24.90%     50.25% |      193935     24.90%     75.14% |      193605     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778934                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119550     25.54%     25.54% |      116209     24.82%     50.36% |      116213     24.82%     75.18% |      116182     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468154                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69467     25.06%     25.06% |       69363     25.02%     50.08% |       69353     25.02%     75.09% |       69054     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       277237                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197453     25.35%     25.35% |      193941     24.90%     50.25% |      193935     24.90%     75.14% |      193605     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778934                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119550     25.54%     25.54% |      116209     24.82%     50.36% |      116213     24.82%     75.18% |      116182     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468154                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3691911     92.54%     92.54% |          48      0.00%     92.54% |       37185      0.93%     93.48% |       37186      0.93%     94.41% |       37186      0.93%     95.34% |       37184      0.93%     96.27% |       37188      0.93%     97.20% |       37184      0.93%     98.14% |       37187      0.93%     99.07% |       37185      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3989444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3849386    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3849386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7758421     96.88%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |       31226      0.39%     97.27% |       31227      0.39%     97.66% |       31224      0.39%     98.05% |       31229      0.39%     98.44% |       31227      0.39%     98.83% |       31222      0.39%     99.22% |       31224      0.39%     99.61% |       31229      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8008229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15277     98.28%     98.28% |          48      0.31%     98.58% |          25      0.16%     98.75% |          19      0.12%     98.87% |          23      0.15%     99.02% |          22      0.14%     99.16% |          17      0.11%     99.27% |          56      0.36%     99.63% |          38      0.24%     99.87% |          20      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630994     53.93%     53.93% |           0      0.00%     53.93% |       67377      5.76%     59.69% |       67372      5.76%     65.45% |       67375      5.76%     71.21% |       67366      5.76%     76.96% |       67383      5.76%     82.72% |       67375      5.76%     88.48% |       67384      5.76%     94.24% |       67395      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1170021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     13.85%     13.85% |           5      7.69%     21.54% |           8     12.31%     33.85% |           9     13.85%     47.69% |           5      7.69%     55.38% |           8     12.31%     67.69% |          11     16.92%     84.62% |          10     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     52.94%     52.94% |           2      1.31%     54.25% |          12      7.84%     62.09% |           7      4.58%     66.67% |           6      3.92%     70.59% |           8      5.23%     75.82% |          12      7.84%     83.66% |           6      3.92%     87.58% |          10      6.54%     94.12% |           9      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169745     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36838      7.93%     44.48% |       36853      7.93%     52.42% |       36838      7.93%     60.35% |       36832      7.93%     68.28% |       36865      7.94%     76.21% |       36798      7.92%     84.14% |       36824      7.93%     92.06% |       36860      7.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.31%      1.31% |           8      5.23%      6.54% |          13      8.50%     15.03% |          12      7.84%     22.88% |          15      9.80%     32.68% |          13      8.50%     41.18% |           4      2.61%     43.79% |          49     32.03%     75.82% |          27     17.65%     93.46% |          10      6.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464293     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       31038      4.36%     69.51% |       31019      4.35%     73.87% |       31034      4.36%     78.22% |       31032      4.36%     82.58% |       31025      4.35%     86.93% |       31037      4.36%     91.29% |       31044      4.36%     95.64% |       31035      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506197     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67343      6.44%     54.89% |       67348      6.45%     61.33% |       67345      6.44%     67.78% |       67334      6.44%     74.22% |       67360      6.45%     80.67% |       67308      6.44%     87.11% |       67335      6.44%     93.55% |       67363      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1044933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170809     36.68%     36.68% |          23      0.00%     36.68% |       36851      7.91%     44.60% |       36865      7.92%     52.51% |       36855      7.91%     60.43% |       36846      7.91%     68.34% |       36870      7.92%     76.26% |       36848      7.91%     84.17% |       36852      7.91%     92.08% |       36871      7.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122691    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338257     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31038      5.29%     62.96% |       31019      5.29%     68.25% |       31032      5.29%     73.54% |       31031      5.29%     78.83% |       31024      5.29%     84.12% |       31036      5.29%     89.42% |       31043      5.29%     94.71% |       31034      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     98.08%     98.08% |           0      0.00%     98.08% |          25      0.22%     98.30% |          19      0.17%     98.47% |          23      0.20%     98.67% |          22      0.19%     98.86% |          17      0.15%     99.01% |          56      0.49%     99.50% |          38      0.33%     99.83% |          20      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         840     97.11%     97.11% |          25      2.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1401    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          43    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         844     92.85%     92.85% |           0      0.00%     92.85% |           9      0.99%     93.84% |           5      0.55%     94.39% |           8      0.88%     95.27% |           9      0.99%     96.26% |           5      0.55%     96.81% |           8      0.88%     97.69% |          11      1.21%     98.90% |          10      1.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           2      0.01%     99.85% |           4      0.02%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           1      0.00%     99.88% |          14      0.07%     99.95% |          11      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3725237    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3725237                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2313     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.82%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |          25      0.02%     99.84% |          19      0.02%     99.86% |          22      0.02%     99.88% |          22      0.02%     99.90% |          17      0.01%     99.91% |          56      0.05%     99.95% |          37      0.03%     99.98% |          20      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1643487     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |         333      0.02%     99.86% |         317      0.02%     99.88% |         325      0.02%     99.90% |         338      0.02%     99.92% |         313      0.02%     99.94% |         322      0.02%     99.96% |         321      0.02%     99.98% |         313      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1646069                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1519     97.56%     97.56% |          38      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139030     32.17%     32.17% |           0      0.00%     32.17% |       36632      8.48%     40.65% |       36695      8.49%     49.14% |       36641      8.48%     57.62% |       36653      8.48%     66.10% |       36643      8.48%     74.58% |       36601      8.47%     83.05% |       36624      8.47%     91.52% |       36641      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.86%      2.86% |          12     17.14%     20.00% |           7     10.00%     30.00% |           5      7.14%     37.14% |           8     11.43%     48.57% |          12     17.14%     65.71% |           6      8.57%     74.29% |           9     12.86%     87.14% |           9     12.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           70                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1854905    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1854905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7390864     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         186      0.00%     99.98% |         208      0.00%     99.98% |         192      0.00%     99.99% |         197      0.00%     99.99% |         203      0.00%     99.99% |         186      0.00%     99.99% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |         195      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7392412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367167     59.92%     59.92% |           0      0.00%     59.92% |       30711      5.01%     64.93% |       30653      5.00%     69.93% |       30704      5.01%     74.94% |       30681      5.01%     79.95% |       30717      5.01%     84.96% |       30707      5.01%     89.97% |       30711      5.01%     94.99% |       30722      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       612773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     13.85%     13.85% |           5      7.69%     21.54% |           8     12.31%     33.85% |           9     13.85%     47.69% |           5      7.69%     55.38% |           8     12.31%     67.69% |          11     16.92%     84.62% |          10     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         251     97.67%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           1      0.39%     98.05% |           0      0.00%     98.05% |           3      1.17%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           2      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169745     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36838      7.93%     44.48% |       36853      7.93%     52.42% |       36838      7.93%     60.35% |       36832      7.93%     68.28% |       36865      7.94%     76.21% |       36798      7.92%     84.14% |       36824      7.93%     92.06% |       36860      7.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.31%      1.31% |           8      5.23%      6.54% |          13      8.50%     15.03% |          12      7.84%     22.88% |          15      9.80%     32.68% |          13      8.50%     41.18% |           4      2.61%     43.79% |          49     32.03%     75.82% |          27     17.65%     93.46% |          10      6.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125993     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     83.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338300     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |       31038      5.29%     62.97% |       31019      5.29%     68.26% |       31032      5.29%     73.55% |       31031      5.29%     78.84% |       31024      5.29%     84.13% |       31036      5.29%     89.42% |       31043      5.29%     94.71% |       31034      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1276     98.99%     98.99% |           0      0.00%     98.99% |           1      0.08%     99.07% |           2      0.16%     99.22% |           2      0.16%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           4      0.31%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           3      0.23%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122     97.60%     97.60% |           0      0.00%     97.60% |           2      1.60%     99.20% |           0      0.00%     99.20% |           0      0.00%     99.20% |           1      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506197     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67343      6.44%     54.89% |       67348      6.45%     61.33% |       67344      6.44%     67.78% |       67334      6.44%     74.22% |       67360      6.45%     80.67% |       67308      6.44%     87.11% |       67334      6.44%     93.55% |       67363      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1044931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3865      3.11%      3.11% |        3801      3.06%      6.18% |        3547      2.86%      9.03% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.73% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3280      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5140      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.86% |        3820      3.08%     36.94% |        3562      2.87%     39.81% |        4325      3.48%     43.29% |        3867      3.12%     46.41% |        3737      3.01%     49.42% |        4118      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.08% |        3673      2.96%     59.04% |        3383      2.73%     61.77% |        3060      2.47%     64.23% |        3703      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3243      2.61%     81.24% |        4615      3.72%     84.96% |        3977      3.20%     88.16% |        5207      4.20%     92.36% |        5071      4.09%     96.44% |        4417      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124122                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55084     11.81%     11.81% |       13892      2.98%     14.78% |       12706      2.72%     17.51% |       13622      2.92%     20.43% |       12824      2.75%     23.17% |       12691      2.72%     25.89% |       12297      2.64%     28.53% |       12558      2.69%     31.22% |       12938      2.77%     33.99% |       12815      2.75%     36.74% |       14956      3.21%     39.95% |       13304      2.85%     42.80% |       12851      2.75%     45.55% |       12824      2.75%     48.30% |       12199      2.61%     50.91% |       12580      2.70%     53.61% |       13678      2.93%     56.54% |       12731      2.73%     59.27% |       13100      2.81%     62.08% |       13145      2.82%     64.89% |       13663      2.93%     67.82% |       16816      3.60%     71.43% |       12771      2.74%     74.16% |       12923      2.77%     76.93% |       12855      2.76%     79.69% |       13002      2.79%     82.48% |       12529      2.69%     85.16% |       12244      2.62%     87.78% |       13258      2.84%     90.63% |       12623      2.71%     93.33% |       13608      2.92%     96.25% |       17507      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22431      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16801      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16978      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16825      2.87%     21.81% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17469      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17608      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.64% |       17679      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.60% |       17849      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18470      3.15%     64.00% |       20243      3.45%     67.45% |       18475      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18407      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18649      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.33% |       19439      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586573                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75583      7.23%      7.23% |       32686      3.13%     10.36% |       29306      2.80%     13.17% |       32200      3.08%     16.25% |       29604      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28914      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30207      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32344      3.10%     36.33% |       30691      2.94%     39.27% |       30338      2.90%     42.17% |       30125      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31301      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.62% |       30758      2.94%     59.57% |       31441      3.01%     62.58% |       31922      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31054      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31069      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.04% |       30990      2.97%     84.01% |       30693      2.94%     86.95% |       32512      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33957      3.25%     96.37% |       37950      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1044933                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17851      3.81%      3.81% |       14520      3.10%      6.92% |       14529      3.10%     10.02% |       14513      3.10%     13.12% |       14496      3.10%     16.22% |       14506      3.10%     19.32% |       14515      3.10%     22.42% |       14517      3.10%     25.52% |       14523      3.10%     28.62% |       14534      3.11%     31.73% |       14528      3.10%     34.83% |       14525      3.10%     37.93% |       14513      3.10%     41.04% |       14519      3.10%     44.14% |       14513      3.10%     47.24% |       14509      3.10%     50.34% |       14560      3.11%     53.45% |       14527      3.10%     56.55% |       14535      3.11%     59.66% |       14531      3.10%     62.76% |       14516      3.10%     65.86% |       14540      3.11%     68.97% |       14526      3.10%     72.07% |       14527      3.10%     75.18% |       14540      3.11%     78.28% |       14537      3.11%     81.39% |       14529      3.10%     84.49% |       14524      3.10%     87.60% |       14524      3.10%     90.70% |       14502      3.10%     93.80% |       14516      3.10%     96.90% |       14512      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468057                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8866      3.20%      3.20% |        8721      3.14%      6.34% |        8727      3.15%      9.49% |        8669      3.13%     12.61% |        8659      3.12%     15.74% |        8636      3.11%     18.85% |        8647      3.12%     21.97% |        8654      3.12%     25.09% |        8659      3.12%     28.21% |        8696      3.14%     31.35% |        8729      3.15%     34.49% |        8673      3.13%     37.62% |        8701      3.14%     40.76% |        8668      3.13%     43.88% |        8703      3.14%     47.02% |        8637      3.11%     50.14% |        8680      3.13%     53.27% |        8652      3.12%     56.39% |        8649      3.12%     59.50% |        8619      3.11%     62.61% |        8643      3.12%     65.73% |        8663      3.12%     68.85% |        8641      3.12%     71.97% |        8607      3.10%     75.07% |        8648      3.12%     78.19% |        8687      3.13%     81.32% |        8657      3.12%     84.44% |        8601      3.10%     87.54% |        8638      3.11%     90.66% |        8664      3.12%     93.78% |        8622      3.11%     96.89% |        8618      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       277334                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27831      3.57%      3.57% |       24288      3.12%      6.69% |       24303      3.12%      9.81% |       24229      3.11%     12.92% |       24201      3.11%     16.03% |       24188      3.11%     19.13% |       24208      3.11%     22.24% |       24217      3.11%     25.35% |       24228      3.11%     28.46% |       24276      3.12%     31.58% |       24303      3.12%     34.70% |       24244      3.11%     37.81% |       24260      3.11%     40.92% |       24233      3.11%     44.04% |       24262      3.11%     47.15% |       24192      3.11%     50.26% |       24286      3.12%     53.37% |       24225      3.11%     56.48% |       24230      3.11%     59.59% |       24196      3.11%     62.70% |       24205      3.11%     65.81% |       24249      3.11%     68.92% |       24213      3.11%     72.03% |       24180      3.10%     75.13% |       24234      3.11%     78.25% |       24270      3.12%     81.36% |       24232      3.11%     84.47% |       24171      3.10%     87.58% |       24208      3.11%     90.68% |       24212      3.11%     93.79% |       24184      3.10%     96.90% |       24176      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778934                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26807      3.59%      3.59% |       23264      3.12%      6.71% |       23279      3.12%      9.83% |       23205      3.11%     12.94% |       23177      3.11%     16.05% |       23164      3.10%     19.15% |       23184      3.11%     22.26% |       23193      3.11%     25.37% |       23204      3.11%     28.48% |       23252      3.12%     31.59% |       23279      3.12%     34.71% |       23220      3.11%     37.82% |       23236      3.11%     40.94% |       23209      3.11%     44.05% |       23238      3.11%     47.16% |       23168      3.10%     50.27% |       23262      3.12%     53.39% |       23201      3.11%     56.49% |       23206      3.11%     59.60% |       23172      3.11%     62.71% |       23181      3.11%     65.82% |       23225      3.11%     68.93% |       23189      3.11%     72.04% |       23156      3.10%     75.14% |       23210      3.11%     78.25% |       23246      3.12%     81.37% |       23208      3.11%     84.48% |       23147      3.10%     87.58% |       23184      3.11%     90.69% |       23188      3.11%     93.79% |       23160      3.10%     96.90% |       23152      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       746166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     21.62%     21.62% |           2      0.77%     22.39% |           6      2.32%     24.71% |           5      1.93%     26.64% |           4      1.54%     28.19% |           4      1.54%     29.73% |           4      1.54%     31.27% |           5      1.93%     33.20% |           7      2.70%     35.91% |           4      1.54%     37.45% |           6      2.32%     39.77% |           4      1.54%     41.31% |           5      1.93%     43.24% |           3      1.16%     44.40% |           4      1.54%     45.95% |           3      1.16%     47.10% |           4      1.54%     48.65% |           3      1.16%     49.81% |           9      3.47%     53.28% |          10      3.86%     57.14% |          19      7.34%     64.48% |          19      7.34%     71.81% |           9      3.47%     75.29% |          10      3.86%     79.15% |           7      2.70%     81.85% |           8      3.09%     84.94% |           7      2.70%     87.64% |           9      3.47%     91.12% |           7      2.70%     93.82% |           6      2.32%     96.14% |           7      2.70%     98.84% |           3      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          28     38.89%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |          14     19.44%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |          12     16.67%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |          16     22.22%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           2      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           72                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          31     19.87%     19.87% |           2      1.28%     21.15% |           1      0.64%     21.79% |          20     12.82%     34.62% |           3      1.92%     36.54% |           3      1.92%     38.46% |           4      2.56%     41.03% |           3      1.92%     42.95% |           5      3.21%     46.15% |           3      1.92%     48.08% |           2      1.28%     49.36% |           2      1.28%     50.64% |           3      1.92%     52.56% |           3      1.92%     54.49% |           4      2.56%     57.05% |           3      1.92%     58.97% |          15      9.62%     68.59% |           1      0.64%     69.23% |           2      1.28%     70.51% |          16     10.26%     80.77% |           1      0.64%     81.41% |           0      0.00%     81.41% |           1      0.64%     82.05% |           2      1.28%     83.33% |           3      1.92%     85.26% |           5      3.21%     88.46% |           4      2.56%     91.03% |           5      3.21%     94.23% |           3      1.92%     96.15% |           2      1.28%     97.44% |           2      1.28%     98.72% |           2      1.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          156                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         545      3.58%      3.58% |         470      3.09%      6.67% |         463      3.04%      9.72% |         466      3.06%     12.78% |         461      3.03%     15.81% |         457      3.00%     18.82% |         470      3.09%     21.91% |         469      3.08%     24.99% |         461      3.03%     28.02% |         461      3.03%     31.05% |         510      3.35%     34.41% |         484      3.18%     37.59% |         501      3.29%     40.88% |         479      3.15%     44.03% |         498      3.27%     47.31% |         480      3.16%     50.46% |         507      3.33%     53.80% |         486      3.20%     56.99% |         472      3.10%     60.10% |         460      3.02%     63.12% |         438      2.88%     66.00% |         484      3.18%     69.18% |         453      2.98%     72.16% |         443      2.91%     75.07% |         482      3.17%     78.24% |         500      3.29%     81.53% |         486      3.20%     84.73% |         453      2.98%     87.70% |         461      3.03%     90.74% |         475      3.12%     93.86% |         473      3.11%     96.97% |         461      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15209                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          29     18.95%     18.95% |           2      1.31%     20.26% |           1      0.65%     20.92% |          17     11.11%     32.03% |           3      1.96%     33.99% |           3      1.96%     35.95% |           4      2.61%     38.56% |           3      1.96%     40.52% |           5      3.27%     43.79% |           3      1.96%     45.75% |           2      1.31%     47.06% |           2      1.31%     48.37% |           3      1.96%     50.33% |           3      1.96%     52.29% |           4      2.61%     54.90% |           3      1.96%     56.86% |          15      9.80%     66.67% |           1      0.65%     67.32% |           2      1.31%     68.63% |          16     10.46%     79.08% |           1      0.65%     79.74% |           0      0.00%     79.74% |           1      0.65%     80.39% |           2      1.31%     81.70% |           3      1.96%     83.66% |           5      3.27%     86.93% |           4      2.61%     89.54% |           7      4.58%     94.12% |           3      1.96%     96.08% |           2      1.31%     97.39% |           2      1.31%     98.69% |           2      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75919      7.22%      7.22% |       32867      3.13%     10.35% |       29494      2.81%     13.16% |       32398      3.08%     16.24% |       29786      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.90% |       29095      2.77%     24.66% |       29698      2.83%     27.49% |       30395      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.23% |       32545      3.10%     36.33% |       30869      2.94%     39.27% |       30521      2.90%     42.17% |       30305      2.88%     45.06% |       29599      2.82%     47.87% |       30193      2.87%     50.74% |       31505      3.00%     53.74% |       30316      2.88%     56.63% |       30934      2.94%     59.57% |       31638      3.01%     62.58% |       32124      3.06%     65.63% |       37031      3.52%     69.16% |       31242      2.97%     72.13% |       31248      2.97%     75.10% |       31254      2.97%     78.08% |       31241      2.97%     81.05% |       31173      2.97%     84.02% |       30881      2.94%     86.95% |       32694      3.11%     90.06% |       32158      3.06%     93.12% |       34142      3.25%     96.37% |       38139      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051073                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         445      3.30%      3.30% |         421      3.12%      6.41% |         414      3.07%      9.48% |         404      2.99%     12.47% |         410      3.04%     15.51% |         401      2.97%     18.48% |         414      3.07%     21.55% |         417      3.09%     24.64% |         407      3.01%     27.65% |         416      3.08%     30.73% |         443      3.28%     34.01% |         438      3.24%     37.26% |         451      3.34%     40.60% |         429      3.18%     43.77% |         448      3.32%     47.09% |         440      3.26%     50.35% |         450      3.33%     53.68% |         440      3.26%     56.94% |         434      3.21%     60.16% |         406      3.01%     63.17% |         384      2.84%     66.01% |         409      3.03%     69.04% |         404      2.99%     72.03% |         395      2.93%     74.96% |         427      3.16%     78.12% |         447      3.31%     81.43% |         436      3.23%     84.66% |         401      2.97%     87.63% |         415      3.07%     90.70% |         427      3.16%     93.87% |         426      3.16%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13501                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12411      4.30%      4.30% |        8982      3.11%      7.41% |        8999      3.12%     10.53% |        8934      3.09%     13.62% |        8908      3.09%     16.71% |        8896      3.08%     19.79% |        8900      3.08%     22.87% |        8913      3.09%     25.96% |        8926      3.09%     29.05% |        8961      3.10%     32.15% |        8980      3.11%     35.26% |        8904      3.08%     38.35% |        8917      3.09%     41.43% |        8911      3.09%     44.52% |        8926      3.09%     47.61% |        8869      3.07%     50.68% |        8915      3.09%     53.77% |        8890      3.08%     56.85% |        8899      3.08%     59.93% |        8889      3.08%     63.01% |        8907      3.08%     66.10% |        8919      3.09%     69.19% |        8923      3.09%     72.28% |        8887      3.08%     75.35% |        8898      3.08%     78.44% |        8924      3.09%     81.53% |        8895      3.08%     84.61% |        8878      3.07%     87.68% |        8906      3.08%     90.77% |        8902      3.08%     93.85% |        8863      3.07%     96.92% |        8893      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288725                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14975      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14921      3.13%     53.12% |       14895      3.12%     56.25% |       14897      3.12%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14921      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14909      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14901      3.13%     84.38% |       14892      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14881      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          12      9.09%      9.09% |           3      2.27%     11.36% |           2      1.52%     12.88% |          10      7.58%     20.45% |           3      2.27%     22.73% |           5      3.79%     26.52% |           6      4.55%     31.06% |           3      2.27%     33.33% |           5      3.79%     37.12% |           3      2.27%     39.39% |           2      1.52%     40.91% |           2      1.52%     42.42% |           4      3.03%     45.45% |           3      2.27%     47.73% |           5      3.79%     51.52% |           3      2.27%     53.79% |          15     11.36%     65.15% |           1      0.76%     65.91% |           3      2.27%     68.18% |           8      6.06%     74.24% |           1      0.76%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      0.76%     75.76% |           2      1.52%     77.27% |           4      3.03%     80.30% |           5      3.79%     84.09% |           5      3.79%     87.88% |           6      4.55%     92.42% |           3      2.27%     94.70% |           2      1.52%     96.21% |           2      1.52%     97.73% |           3      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          132                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         464      3.43%      3.43% |         421      3.11%      6.55% |         411      3.04%      9.59% |         411      3.04%     12.63% |         411      3.04%     15.67% |         402      2.97%     18.64% |         417      3.08%     21.72% |         416      3.08%     24.80% |         407      3.01%     27.81% |         414      3.06%     30.87% |         445      3.29%     34.16% |         438      3.24%     37.40% |         448      3.31%     40.72% |         428      3.17%     43.88% |         448      3.31%     47.20% |         438      3.24%     50.44% |         448      3.31%     53.75% |         439      3.25%     57.00% |         432      3.20%     60.19% |         410      3.03%     63.22% |         385      2.85%     66.07% |         407      3.01%     69.08% |         404      2.99%     72.07% |         398      2.94%     75.01% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         436      3.22%     84.74% |         400      2.96%     87.70% |         413      3.05%     90.75% |         425      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13520                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41080     23.37%     23.37% |        4896      2.79%     26.16% |        3693      2.10%     28.26% |        4646      2.64%     30.90% |        3900      2.22%     33.12% |        3710      2.11%     35.23% |        3370      1.92%     37.15% |        3632      2.07%     39.21% |        4000      2.28%     41.49% |        3850      2.19%     43.68% |        5957      3.39%     47.07% |        4395      2.50%     49.57% |        3925      2.23%     51.80% |        3906      2.22%     54.03% |        3248      1.85%     55.87% |        3705      2.11%     57.98% |        4740      2.70%     60.68% |        3833      2.18%     62.86% |        4132      2.35%     65.21% |        4237      2.41%     67.62% |        4754      2.70%     70.32% |        7876      4.48%     74.81% |        3844      2.19%     76.99% |        4031      2.29%     79.29% |        3949      2.25%     81.53% |        4065      2.31%     83.84% |        3627      2.06%     85.91% |        3356      1.91%     87.82% |        4349      2.47%     90.29% |        3718      2.12%     92.41% |        4742      2.70%     95.10% |        8604      4.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       175770                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7401      6.74%      6.74% |        4098      3.73%     10.48% |        1910      1.74%     12.22% |        3924      3.58%     15.79% |        2095      1.91%     17.70% |        2182      1.99%     19.69% |        1931      1.76%     21.45% |        2266      2.06%     23.51% |        2573      2.34%     25.86% |        2280      2.08%     27.93% |        2728      2.49%     30.42% |        2667      2.43%     32.85% |        2783      2.54%     35.39% |        2595      2.36%     37.75% |        2535      2.31%     40.06% |        2736      2.49%     42.55% |        2914      2.65%     45.21% |        2696      2.46%     47.66% |        2993      2.73%     50.39% |        3608      3.29%     53.68% |        3549      3.23%     56.91% |        5315      4.84%     61.75% |        3589      3.27%     65.02% |        3432      3.13%     68.15% |        3497      3.19%     71.34% |        3353      3.05%     74.39% |        3747      3.41%     77.80% |        3751      3.42%     81.22% |        4552      4.15%     85.37% |        4655      4.24%     89.61% |        5642      5.14%     94.75% |        5761      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109758                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17836      3.81%      3.81% |       14514      3.10%      6.91% |       14523      3.10%     10.02% |       14501      3.10%     13.12% |       14491      3.10%     16.22% |       14499      3.10%     19.31% |       14506      3.10%     22.42% |       14512      3.10%     25.52% |       14517      3.10%     28.62% |       14529      3.11%     31.73% |       14522      3.10%     34.83% |       14521      3.10%     37.93% |       14508      3.10%     41.03% |       14515      3.10%     44.14% |       14507      3.10%     47.24% |       14505      3.10%     50.34% |       14543      3.11%     53.45% |       14524      3.10%     56.55% |       14529      3.11%     59.66% |       14521      3.10%     62.76% |       14513      3.10%     65.86% |       14536      3.11%     68.97% |       14522      3.10%     72.07% |       14524      3.10%     75.18% |       14534      3.11%     78.28% |       14529      3.11%     81.39% |       14521      3.10%     84.49% |       14516      3.10%     87.60% |       14517      3.10%     90.70% |       14496      3.10%     93.80% |       14511      3.10%     96.90% |       14506      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       467848                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8336      3.18%      3.18% |        8257      3.15%      6.33% |        8265      3.15%      9.48% |        8213      3.13%     12.61% |        8202      3.13%     15.74% |        8185      3.12%     18.86% |        8186      3.12%     21.98% |        8189      3.12%     25.11% |        8202      3.13%     28.23% |        8239      3.14%     31.38% |        8221      3.14%     34.51% |        8191      3.12%     37.64% |        8203      3.13%     40.76% |        8193      3.12%     43.89% |        8211      3.13%     47.02% |        8161      3.11%     50.13% |        8189      3.12%     53.26% |        8167      3.11%     56.37% |        8176      3.12%     59.49% |        8159      3.11%     62.60% |        8190      3.12%     65.72% |        8164      3.11%     68.84% |        8184      3.12%     71.96% |        8160      3.11%     75.07% |        8168      3.12%     78.18% |        8192      3.12%     81.31% |        8176      3.12%     84.43% |        8152      3.11%     87.54% |        8180      3.12%     90.66% |        8191      3.12%     93.78% |        8149      3.11%     96.89% |        8162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       262213                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          29     18.95%     18.95% |           2      1.31%     20.26% |           1      0.65%     20.92% |          17     11.11%     32.03% |           3      1.96%     33.99% |           3      1.96%     35.95% |           4      2.61%     38.56% |           3      1.96%     40.52% |           5      3.27%     43.79% |           3      1.96%     45.75% |           2      1.31%     47.06% |           2      1.31%     48.37% |           3      1.96%     50.33% |           3      1.96%     52.29% |           4      2.61%     54.90% |           3      1.96%     56.86% |          15      9.80%     66.67% |           1      0.65%     67.32% |           2      1.31%     68.63% |          16     10.46%     79.08% |           1      0.65%     79.74% |           0      0.00%     79.74% |           1      0.65%     80.39% |           2      1.31%     81.70% |           3      1.96%     83.66% |           5      3.27%     86.93% |           4      2.61%     89.54% |           7      4.58%     94.12% |           3      1.96%     96.08% |           2      1.31%     97.39% |           2      1.31%     98.69% |           2      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          51     78.46%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |          14     21.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75581      7.23%      7.23% |       32686      3.13%     10.36% |       29306      2.80%     13.17% |       32200      3.08%     16.25% |       29604      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28914      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30207      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32344      3.10%     36.33% |       30691      2.94%     39.27% |       30338      2.90%     42.17% |       30125      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31301      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.62% |       30758      2.94%     59.57% |       31441      3.01%     62.58% |       31922      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31054      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31069      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.04% |       30990      2.97%     84.01% |       30693      2.94%     86.95% |       32512      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33957      3.25%     96.37% |       37950      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1044931                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.90%      3.90% |           3      3.90%      7.79% |           4      5.19%     12.99% |           2      2.60%     15.58% |           2      2.60%     18.18% |           2      2.60%     20.78% |           3      3.90%     24.68% |           2      2.60%     27.27% |           1      1.30%     28.57% |           2      2.60%     31.17% |           4      5.19%     36.36% |           2      2.60%     38.96% |           1      1.30%     40.26% |           1      1.30%     41.56% |           1      1.30%     42.86% |           1      1.30%     44.16% |           2      2.60%     46.75% |           2      2.60%     49.35% |           3      3.90%     53.25% |           2      2.60%     55.84% |           2      2.60%     58.44% |           4      5.19%     63.64% |           3      3.90%     67.53% |           1      1.30%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           3      3.90%     75.32% |           3      3.90%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           4      5.19%     87.01% |           4      5.19%     92.21% |           3      3.90%     96.10% |           3      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          66      4.12%      4.12% |          43      2.69%      6.81% |          51      3.19%      9.99% |          45      2.81%     12.80% |          46      2.87%     15.68% |          49      3.06%     18.74% |          44      2.75%     21.49% |          49      3.06%     24.55% |          50      3.12%     27.67% |          43      2.69%     30.36% |          63      3.94%     34.29% |          44      2.75%     37.04% |          50      3.12%     40.16% |          47      2.94%     43.10% |          44      2.75%     45.85% |          38      2.37%     48.22% |          43      2.69%     50.91% |          46      2.87%     53.78% |          41      2.56%     56.34% |          50      3.12%     59.46% |          68      4.25%     63.71% |          92      5.75%     69.46% |          53      3.31%     72.77% |          49      3.06%     75.83% |          50      3.12%     78.95% |          46      2.87%     81.82% |          45      2.81%     84.63% |          49      3.06%     87.70% |          45      2.81%     90.51% |          48      3.00%     93.50% |          50      3.12%     96.63% |          54      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.67%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2      6.67%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           2      6.67%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           7     23.33%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           9     30.00%     73.33% |           4     13.33%     86.67% |           4     13.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.94%      2.94% |           1      2.94%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           1      2.94%      8.82% |           2      5.88%     14.71% |           0      0.00%     14.71% |           3      8.82%     23.53% |           1      2.94%     26.47% |           1      2.94%     29.41% |           1      2.94%     32.35% |           2      5.88%     38.24% |           2      5.88%     44.12% |           2      5.88%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      2.94%     52.94% |          13     38.24%     91.18% |           1      2.94%     94.12% |           1      2.94%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           1      2.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           34                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26807      3.59%      3.59% |       23264      3.12%      6.71% |       23279      3.12%      9.83% |       23205      3.11%     12.94% |       23177      3.11%     16.05% |       23164      3.10%     19.15% |       23184      3.11%     22.26% |       23193      3.11%     25.37% |       23204      3.11%     28.48% |       23252      3.12%     31.59% |       23279      3.12%     34.71% |       23220      3.11%     37.82% |       23236      3.11%     40.94% |       23209      3.11%     44.05% |       23238      3.11%     47.16% |       23168      3.10%     50.27% |       23262      3.12%     53.39% |       23201      3.11%     56.49% |       23206      3.11%     59.60% |       23172      3.11%     62.71% |       23181      3.11%     65.82% |       23225      3.11%     68.93% |       23189      3.11%     72.04% |       23156      3.10%     75.14% |       23210      3.11%     78.25% |       23246      3.12%     81.37% |       23208      3.11%     84.48% |       23147      3.10%     87.58% |       23184      3.11%     90.69% |       23188      3.11%     93.79% |       23160      3.10%     96.90% |       23152      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       746166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           3      5.66%     13.21% |           3      5.66%     18.87% |           2      3.77%     22.64% |           2      3.77%     26.42% |           2      3.77%     30.19% |           3      5.66%     35.85% |           3      5.66%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           2      3.77%     47.17% |           3      5.66%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           1      1.89%     58.49% |           1      1.89%     60.38% |           1      1.89%     62.26% |           1      1.89%     64.15% |           2      3.77%     67.92% |           1      1.89%     69.81% |           1      1.89%     71.70% |           0      0.00%     71.70% |           1      1.89%     73.58% |           2      3.77%     77.36% |           1      1.89%     79.25% |           1      1.89%     81.13% |           0      0.00%     81.13% |           2      3.77%     84.91% |           1      1.89%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           1      1.89%     88.68% |           2      3.77%     92.45% |           1      1.89%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           7     87.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      1.03%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           4      4.12%      5.15% |           2      2.06%      7.22% |           1      1.03%      8.25% |           1      1.03%      9.28% |           0      0.00%      9.28% |           2      2.06%     11.34% |           2      2.06%     13.40% |           1      1.03%     14.43% |           3      3.09%     17.53% |           2      2.06%     19.59% |           2      2.06%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           1      1.03%     22.68% |           1      1.03%     23.71% |           5      5.15%     28.87% |           8      8.25%     37.11% |          17     17.53%     54.64% |          17     17.53%     72.16% |           6      6.19%     78.35% |           7      7.22%     85.57% |           2      2.06%     87.63% |           2      2.06%     89.69% |           1      1.03%     90.72% |           2      2.06%     92.78% |           1      1.03%     93.81% |           2      2.06%     95.88% |           3      3.09%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          65      4.32%      4.32% |          43      2.86%      7.18% |          47      3.12%     10.31% |          43      2.86%     13.16% |          45      2.99%     16.16% |          48      3.19%     19.35% |          44      2.93%     22.27% |          47      3.12%     25.40% |          48      3.19%     28.59% |          42      2.79%     31.38% |          60      3.99%     35.37% |          42      2.79%     38.16% |          48      3.19%     41.36% |          47      3.12%     44.48% |          44      2.93%     47.41% |          38      2.53%     49.93% |          42      2.79%     52.73% |          45      2.99%     55.72% |          36      2.39%     58.11% |          42      2.79%     60.90% |          51      3.39%     64.30% |          75      4.99%     69.28% |          47      3.12%     72.41% |          42      2.79%     75.20% |          48      3.19%     78.39% |          44      2.93%     81.32% |          44      2.93%     84.24% |          47      3.12%     87.37% |          44      2.93%     90.29% |          46      3.06%     93.35% |          47      3.12%     96.48% |          53      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          19     54.29%     54.29% |           0      0.00%     54.29% |           0      0.00%     54.29% |           8     22.86%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           8     22.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         464      3.43%      3.43% |         421      3.11%      6.55% |         411      3.04%      9.59% |         411      3.04%     12.63% |         411      3.04%     15.67% |         402      2.97%     18.64% |         417      3.08%     21.72% |         416      3.08%     24.80% |         407      3.01%     27.81% |         414      3.06%     30.87% |         445      3.29%     34.16% |         438      3.24%     37.40% |         448      3.31%     40.72% |         428      3.17%     43.88% |         448      3.31%     47.20% |         438      3.24%     50.44% |         448      3.31%     53.75% |         439      3.25%     57.00% |         432      3.20%     60.19% |         410      3.03%     63.22% |         385      2.85%     66.07% |         407      3.01%     69.08% |         404      2.99%     72.07% |         398      2.94%     75.01% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         436      3.22%     84.74% |         400      2.96%     87.70% |         413      3.05%     90.75% |         425      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13520                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          12      9.92%      9.92% |           2      1.65%     11.57% |           1      0.83%     12.40% |          12      9.92%     22.31% |           3      2.48%     24.79% |           3      2.48%     27.27% |           4      3.31%     30.58% |           3      2.48%     33.06% |           5      4.13%     37.19% |           3      2.48%     39.67% |           2      1.65%     41.32% |           2      1.65%     42.98% |           3      2.48%     45.45% |           3      2.48%     47.93% |           4      3.31%     51.24% |           3      2.48%     53.72% |          15     12.40%     66.12% |           1      0.83%     66.94% |           2      1.65%     68.60% |           8      6.61%     75.21% |           1      0.83%     76.03% |           0      0.00%     76.03% |           1      0.83%     76.86% |           2      1.65%     78.51% |           3      2.48%     80.99% |           5      4.13%     85.12% |           4      3.31%     88.43% |           5      4.13%     92.56% |           3      2.48%     95.04% |           2      1.65%     96.69% |           2      1.65%     98.35% |           2      1.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          121                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          12      9.09%      9.09% |           3      2.27%     11.36% |           2      1.52%     12.88% |          10      7.58%     20.45% |           3      2.27%     22.73% |           5      3.79%     26.52% |           6      4.55%     31.06% |           3      2.27%     33.33% |           5      3.79%     37.12% |           3      2.27%     39.39% |           2      1.52%     40.91% |           2      1.52%     42.42% |           4      3.03%     45.45% |           3      2.27%     47.73% |           5      3.79%     51.52% |           3      2.27%     53.79% |          15     11.36%     65.15% |           1      0.76%     65.91% |           3      2.27%     68.18% |           8      6.06%     74.24% |           1      0.76%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      0.76%     75.76% |           2      1.52%     77.27% |           4      3.03%     80.30% |           5      3.79%     84.09% |           5      3.79%     87.88% |           6      4.55%     92.42% |           3      2.27%     94.70% |           2      1.52%     96.21% |           2      1.52%     97.73% |           3      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          132                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12409      4.30%      4.30% |        8982      3.11%      7.41% |        8999      3.12%     10.53% |        8934      3.09%     13.62% |        8908      3.09%     16.71% |        8896      3.08%     19.79% |        8900      3.08%     22.87% |        8913      3.09%     25.96% |        8926      3.09%     29.05% |        8961      3.10%     32.15% |        8980      3.11%     35.26% |        8904      3.08%     38.35% |        8917      3.09%     41.43% |        8911      3.09%     44.52% |        8926      3.09%     47.61% |        8869      3.07%     50.68% |        8915      3.09%     53.77% |        8890      3.08%     56.85% |        8899      3.08%     59.93% |        8889      3.08%     63.01% |        8907      3.08%     66.10% |        8919      3.09%     69.19% |        8923      3.09%     72.28% |        8887      3.08%     75.35% |        8898      3.08%     78.44% |        8924      3.09%     81.53% |        8895      3.08%     84.61% |        8878      3.07%     87.68% |        8906      3.08%     90.77% |        8902      3.08%     93.85% |        8863      3.07%     96.92% |        8893      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288723                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         447      3.31%      3.31% |         421      3.12%      6.43% |         414      3.07%      9.49% |         404      2.99%     12.49% |         410      3.04%     15.52% |         401      2.97%     18.49% |         414      3.07%     21.56% |         417      3.09%     24.65% |         407      3.01%     27.66% |         416      3.08%     30.74% |         443      3.28%     34.02% |         438      3.24%     37.27% |         451      3.34%     40.61% |         429      3.18%     43.78% |         448      3.32%     47.10% |         440      3.26%     50.36% |         450      3.33%     53.69% |         440      3.26%     56.95% |         434      3.21%     60.16% |         406      3.01%     63.17% |         384      2.84%     66.01% |         409      3.03%     69.04% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         395      2.93%     74.96% |         427      3.16%     78.12% |         447      3.31%     81.43% |         436      3.23%     84.66% |         401      2.97%     87.63% |         415      3.07%     90.71% |         427      3.16%     93.87% |         426      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13503                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14975      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14921      3.13%     53.12% |       14895      3.12%     56.25% |       14897      3.12%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14921      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14909      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14901      3.13%     84.38% |       14892      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14881      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75916      7.22%      7.22% |       32861      3.13%     10.35% |       29492      2.81%     13.16% |       32395      3.08%     16.24% |       29786      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.90% |       29095      2.77%     24.66% |       29698      2.83%     27.49% |       30394      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.23% |       32545      3.10%     36.33% |       30868      2.94%     39.27% |       30517      2.90%     42.17% |       30305      2.88%     45.06% |       29597      2.82%     47.87% |       30193      2.87%     50.74% |       31504      3.00%     53.74% |       30314      2.88%     56.63% |       30921      2.94%     59.57% |       31635      3.01%     62.58% |       32124      3.06%     65.63% |       37031      3.52%     69.16% |       31242      2.97%     72.13% |       31248      2.97%     75.10% |       31253      2.97%     78.08% |       31241      2.97%     81.05% |       31170      2.97%     84.01% |       30877      2.94%     86.95% |       32694      3.11%     90.06% |       32158      3.06%     93.12% |       34142      3.25%     96.37% |       38139      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051024                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.27%      1.27% |           2      2.53%      3.80% |           1      1.27%      5.06% |           3      3.80%      8.86% |           3      3.80%     12.66% |           3      3.80%     16.46% |           4      5.06%     21.52% |           3      3.80%     25.32% |           5      6.33%     31.65% |           3      3.80%     35.44% |           2      2.53%     37.97% |           2      2.53%     40.51% |           3      3.80%     44.30% |           3      3.80%     48.10% |           4      5.06%     53.16% |           3      3.80%     56.96% |           3      3.80%     60.76% |           1      1.27%     62.03% |           1      1.27%     63.29% |           0      0.00%     63.29% |           1      1.27%     64.56% |           0      0.00%     64.56% |           1      1.27%     65.82% |           2      2.53%     68.35% |           3      3.80%     72.15% |           5      6.33%     78.48% |           4      5.06%     83.54% |           5      6.33%     89.87% |           3      3.80%     93.67% |           1      1.27%     94.94% |           2      2.53%     97.47% |           2      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          28     39.44%     39.44% |           0      0.00%     39.44% |           0      0.00%     39.44% |          13     18.31%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |          12     16.90%     74.65% |           0      0.00%     74.65% |           0      0.00%     74.65% |          16     22.54%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           2      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          29     19.33%     19.33% |           2      1.33%     20.67% |           1      0.67%     21.33% |          16     10.67%     32.00% |           3      2.00%     34.00% |           3      2.00%     36.00% |           4      2.67%     38.67% |           3      2.00%     40.67% |           5      3.33%     44.00% |           3      2.00%     46.00% |           2      1.33%     47.33% |           2      1.33%     48.67% |           3      2.00%     50.67% |           3      2.00%     52.67% |           4      2.67%     55.33% |           3      2.00%     57.33% |          15     10.00%     67.33% |           1      0.67%     68.00% |           1      0.67%     68.67% |          16     10.67%     79.33% |           1      0.67%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      0.67%     80.67% |           2      1.33%     82.00% |           3      2.00%     84.00% |           5      3.33%     87.33% |           4      2.67%     90.00% |           7      4.67%     94.67% |           3      2.00%     96.67% |           1      0.67%     97.33% |           2      1.33%     98.67% |           2      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          150                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       54872     16.72%     16.72% |      164044     50.00%     66.72% |       13669      4.17%     70.89% |       14546      4.43%     75.32% |       13529      4.12%     79.45% |       14333      4.37%     83.82% |       13548      4.13%     87.95% |       14659      4.47%     92.41% |       12200      3.72%     96.13% |       12688      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       328088                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       54872     16.72%     16.72% |      164044     50.00%     66.72% |       13669      4.17%     70.89% |       14546      4.43%     75.32% |       13529      4.12%     79.45% |       14333      4.37%     83.82% |       13548      4.13%     87.95% |       14659      4.47%     92.41% |       12200      3.72%     96.13% |       12688      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       328088                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       54872     16.72%     16.72% |      164044     50.00%     66.72% |       13669      4.17%     70.89% |       14546      4.43%     75.32% |       13529      4.12%     79.45% |       14333      4.37%     83.82% |       13548      4.13%     87.95% |       14659      4.47%     92.41% |       12200      3.72%     96.13% |       12688      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       328088                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       54872     16.72%     16.72% |      164044     50.00%     66.72% |       13669      4.17%     70.89% |       14546      4.43%     75.32% |       13529      4.12%     79.45% |       14333      4.37%     83.82% |       13548      4.13%     87.95% |       14659      4.47%     92.41% |       12200      3.72%     96.13% |       12688      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       328088                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
