
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.040512                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 40511718500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5216679797000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  54493                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    94763                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              108810044                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3206368                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   372.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    20288621                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      35281805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4690880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4690880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44727                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44727                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    115790694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            115790694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     70659259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            70659259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    186449953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           186449953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73295                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44727                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73295                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44727                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4690048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2862528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4690880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  40511215000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73295                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44727                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  54158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   8837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   8222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   8514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   8691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   8913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   9128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   9180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        33493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.434091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.017433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   222.373493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13066     39.01%     39.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7448     22.24%     61.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8786     26.23%     87.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1254      3.74%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          678      2.02%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          413      1.23%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          333      0.99%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          401      1.20%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1114      3.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        33493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8514                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.605826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.277442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         8506     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         8514                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.253347                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.219720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.648171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-5           7279     85.49%     85.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::6-7           1212     14.24%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-9             19      0.22%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            4      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         8514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   985855750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2359893250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13452.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32202.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      115.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       70.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   115.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    70.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   55538                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  28968                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               64.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    343251.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10445612250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1352520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28706214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              130871160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              122267880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               71407875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               66713625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             289606200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281392800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146778480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142987680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2645529120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2645529120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15033565890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14621217345                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        11115261000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11476970250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          29433019725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          29357078700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.663493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.788606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4565888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4565888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    112705364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            112705364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     67799839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            67799839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    180505204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           180505204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71342                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42917                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71342                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42917                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4564864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4565888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        9                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  40510963000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71342                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42917                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  51130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  12091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   8188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   8679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   8804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   8574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   8444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        29558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   247.332566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.732715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   230.710800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9680     32.75%     32.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6817     23.06%     55.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8708     29.46%     85.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1309      4.43%     89.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          756      2.56%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          410      1.39%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          333      1.13%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          421      1.42%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1124      3.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        29558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.708074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    35.880094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         8178     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.09%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         8187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.241847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.201943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.735238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-5           7210     88.07%     88.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            814      9.94%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-9            135      1.65%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::10-11           28      0.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         8187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1071283248                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2408645748                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    15019.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               33769.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      112.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       67.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   112.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    67.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55218                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29461                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                77.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               68.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    354553.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10635032500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1352520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    28516921000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              116484480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              106913520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               63558000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               58335750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             282430200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273351000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141160320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136864080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2645529120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2645529120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        14864517855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14180755545                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        11263548750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11863340250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          29377228725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          29265089265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.286085                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.517505                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4568896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4568896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    112779615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            112779615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     67850392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            67850392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    180630007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           180630007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71389                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42949                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71389                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42949                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4567936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2748480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4568896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        2                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  40511202000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71389                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42949                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  53462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   8200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   8032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   8181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   8326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   8561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   8803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   8806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        29526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   247.776197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.549777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   229.322832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9641     32.65%     32.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6664     22.57%     55.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8897     30.13%     85.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1302      4.41%     89.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          713      2.41%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          486      1.65%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          340      1.15%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          360      1.22%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1123      3.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        29526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.720660                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.008752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         8174     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         8180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.250000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.215108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.663232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-5           7085     86.61%     86.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::6-7           1068     13.06%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-9             22      0.27%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            5      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         8180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   944448500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             2282711000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13232.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31982.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      112.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       67.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   112.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    67.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55207                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29581                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                77.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               68.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    354310.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10538714500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1352520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    28613238000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              116265240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              106890840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               63438375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               58323375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             282828000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273335400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141186240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137064960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2645529120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2645529120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14932598940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14272482510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        11203828500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11782878000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          29385674415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          29276504205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.494598                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.799325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4551040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4551040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42873                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42873                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    112338853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            112338853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     67730328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            67730328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    180069182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           180069182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71111                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42873                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71111                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42873                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4550656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4551104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        6                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  40510970000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71111                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42873                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  50295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  12035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   6411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   8178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   8634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   8807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   8539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   8463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        29243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   249.412441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.945364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   230.339762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9369     32.04%     32.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6762     23.12%     55.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8760     29.96%     85.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1365      4.67%     89.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          700      2.39%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          413      1.41%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          344      1.18%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          419      1.43%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1111      3.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        29243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.693041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.003189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         8170     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         8177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.242876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.201733                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.749563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-5           7235     88.48%     88.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            791      9.67%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-9            111      1.36%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::10-11           40      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         8177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1049236250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             2382436250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    14756.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               33506.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      112.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       67.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   112.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    67.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55077                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  29648                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                77.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               69.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    355409.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   74.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10559148500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1352520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    28592677750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              114692760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              106323840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               62580375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               58014000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             281190000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272828400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140836320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136902960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2645529120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2645529120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        14736896280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14103192510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11375497500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11931378000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          29357222355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          29254168830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.792153                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          722.247894                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               211                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              211                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4078                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4922                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              434160                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107660                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 32                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 319                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3274682                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 27.721068                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.862383                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                17.135626                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     2247766     68.64%     68.64% |      923703     28.21%     96.85% |       43563      1.33%     98.18% |       54788      1.67%     99.85% |        4588      0.14%     99.99% |         250      0.01%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3274682                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     13102048                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.933754                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.674048                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.265182                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     5620195     42.90%     42.90% |     6515623     49.73%     92.63% |      790608      6.03%     98.66% |       79638      0.61%     99.27% |       30876      0.24%     99.50% |       29172      0.22%     99.73% |       26028      0.20%     99.92% |        9837      0.08%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      13102048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            13102046                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               9.813117                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.560577                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             39.081673                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    13031165     99.46%     99.46% |       60720      0.46%     99.92% |        8925      0.07%     99.99% |        1020      0.01%    100.00% |         194      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              13102046                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        12487104                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000404                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000349                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020104                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12482058     99.96%     99.96% |        5045      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          12487104                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         614942                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        148.153073                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       115.147294                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       111.633870                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      544061     88.47%     88.47% |       60720      9.87%     98.35% |        8925      1.45%     99.80% |        1020      0.17%     99.96% |         194      0.03%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           614942                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          59136                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        59136                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8689345                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378871                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      9068216                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3740551                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121272                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3861823                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       107908                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18786                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55103                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1489371                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43356                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        57208                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       114791                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       171999                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         7910                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52844                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        10857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        63701                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8929                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19237                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8963                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8920                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8920                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17594                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8927                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17457                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8920                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15814                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses         8938                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        17559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8904                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16883                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7947                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17519                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8982                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16164                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17897                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10556                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19451                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8901                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17162                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8874                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17073                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17398                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17019                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8940                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16383                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8869                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17540                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8910                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19472                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8882                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19082                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8928                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18259                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8860                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21311                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13969                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7913                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16829                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17052                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8904                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15959                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8910                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16552                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8953                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17745                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      6088394                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      6088394                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6182486                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6088394                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2570710                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2569542                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      6088394                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.075144                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      1917437                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      1917437                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1920119                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1917437                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity       989969                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity       989909                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      1917437                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.023665                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      2410165                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      2410165                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2478212                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2410165                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1146559                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1102905                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      2410165                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.029747                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1220023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1220023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1221899                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1220023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       573131                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       573123                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1220023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.015058                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1450389                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1450389                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1450637                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1450389                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       702760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       702757                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1450389                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.017901                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1522256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1522256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1522607                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1522256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       746522                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       746516                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1522256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.018788                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2222757                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2222757                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2244059                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2222757                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       752140                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       751793                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2222757                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.027434                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1008742                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1008742                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1009431                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1008742                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       374642                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374638                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1008742                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.012450                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       678974                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       678974                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       679198                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       678974                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       318360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       318358                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       678974                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.008380                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads       886060                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes       886060                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity       886235                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity       886060                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       430529                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       430528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity       886060                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.010936                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       654064                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       654064                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       655414                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       654064                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       270416                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       270416                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       654064                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.008073                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       719759                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       719759                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       720052                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       719759                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       311836                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       311835                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       719759                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008883                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       971498                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       971498                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity       971600                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971498                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       458521                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       458518                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       971498                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.011990                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       681175                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       681175                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       681562                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       681175                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       269453                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       269451                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       681175                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.008407                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       380618                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       380618                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       380690                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       380618                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       149994                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       149994                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       380618                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.004698                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       581790                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       581790                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       582306                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       581790                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       230646                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       230630                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       581790                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.007181                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1053471                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1053471                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1063683                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1053471                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       372580                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       372259                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1053471                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013002                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       662748                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       662748                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       668331                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       662748                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       250343                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       250268                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       662748                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.008180                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       637705                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       637705                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       638863                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       637705                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       254557                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       254549                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       637705                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.007871                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       403985                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       403985                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       404031                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       403985                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       159497                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       159497                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       403985                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.004986                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       412658                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       412658                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       412685                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       412658                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       211754                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       211754                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       412658                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005093                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       520227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       520227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       520243                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       520227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259899                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       259899                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       520227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.006421                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       403166                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       403166                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       404054                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       403166                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       183443                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       183442                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       403166                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.004976                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       262553                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       262553                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262553                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262553                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       109597                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       109597                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       262553                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       357237                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       357237                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       357258                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       357237                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       159917                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       159917                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       357237                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004409                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       471878                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       471878                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       471903                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       471878                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       230658                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       230658                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       471878                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.005824                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       382426                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       382426                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       383202                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       382426                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       167616                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       167614                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       382426                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.004720                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       262182                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       262182                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262182                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262182                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       108134                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       108134                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       262182                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003236                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1446103                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1446103                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1448560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1446103                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       631368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       631347                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1446103                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.017848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1477702                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1477702                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1482276                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1477702                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       637580                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       637558                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1477702                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018238                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1360010                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1360010                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1362149                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1360010                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       538070                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       538050                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1360010                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.016785                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1421965                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1421965                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1424211                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1421965                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       570984                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       570961                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1421965                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.017550                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2593645     28.04%     28.04% |     6150373     66.49%     94.53% |      506166      5.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9250184                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2593646     28.04%     28.04% |     6150373     66.49%     94.53% |      506166      5.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9250185                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    76271056                       |   143068646                       |    10743849                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    12706844                       |    28610711                       |      506166                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   29.406899                       |   23.261784                       |   21.225940                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    4.899223                       |    4.651866                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    24.873403                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.521393                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.394796                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001770                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.038730      7.10%      7.10% |    0.038033      6.97%     14.08% |    0.038622      7.08%     21.16% |    0.037972      6.96%     28.12% |    0.089552     16.42%     44.55% |    0.091333     16.75%     61.30% |    0.089539     16.42%     77.72% |    0.091292     16.74%     94.46% |    0.007557      1.39%     95.85% |    0.007539      1.38%     97.23% |    0.007565      1.39%     98.62% |    0.007545      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.545278                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.013472                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027648                       |    0.000000                       |    0.005050                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005249                       |    0.001819                       |    0.001598                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001643                       |    0.001649                       |    0.001576                       |    0.001595                       |    0.001624                       |    0.001695                       |    0.001828                       |    0.001839                       |    0.001701                       |    0.001682                       |    0.001565                       |    0.001591                       |    0.001693                       |    0.001641                       |    0.001646                       |    0.001697                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001837                       |    0.001669                       |    0.001663                       |    0.001687                       |    0.001659                       |    0.001617                       |    0.001682                       |    0.001834                       |    0.001789                       |    0.001956                       |    0.002075                       |    0.005406                       |    0.005258                       |    0.005261                       |    0.005241                       |    0.000296                       |           0                       |    0.000123                       |    0.000866                       |    0.000743                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001649                       |    0.000300                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002025                       |    0.001120                       |           0                       |    0.001532                       |           0                       |    0.002076                       |    0.003648                       |    0.001124                       |           0                       |    0.001740                       |    0.003704                       |           0                       |    0.004005                       |    0.006765                       |    0.001634                       |    0.008494                       |    0.001508                       |    0.000743                       |    0.004141                       |    0.004711                       |    0.010150                       |           0                       |    0.001643                       |           0                       |    0.007128                       |    0.003775                       |    0.002511                       |           0                       |    0.001637                       |    0.003565                       |           0                       |    0.007110                       |    0.003859                       |    0.002066                       |           0                       |    0.001656                       |           0                       |    0.003525                       |    0.001931                       |    0.001770                       |           0                       |    0.001598                       |           0                       |    0.001687                       |    0.001124                       |           0                       |    0.001723                       |           0                       |    0.000993                       |    0.001837                       |    0.001867                       |           0                       |    0.001524                       |           0                       |    0.000727                       |    0.003316                       |    0.003532                       |    0.001837                       |           0                       |    0.001541                       |           0                       |    0.002818                       |    0.006280                       |    0.004739                       |    0.002522                       |    0.035683                       |    0.004135                       |    0.000123                       |    0.008463                       |    0.010654                       |    0.013685                       |    0.002400                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001694                       |    0.000866                       |    0.001486                       |    0.006384                       |    0.010841                       |    0.002394                       |           0                       |    0.001523                       |           0                       |    0.003891                       |    0.004135                       |    0.006213                       |    0.003026                       |           0                       |    0.001570                       |           0                       |    0.001499                       |    0.003359                       |    0.003041                       |    0.002521                       |           0                       |    0.001565                       |           0                       |    0.000791                       |    0.001659                       |    0.001809                       |           0                       |    0.001582                       |           0                       |    0.000148                       |    0.001669                       |    0.001577                       |           0                       |    0.001667                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001439                       |    0.003497                       |    0.001470                       |           0                       |    0.001812                       |    0.003568                       |           0                       |    0.000438                       |    0.002739                       |    0.006742                       |    0.001487                       |           0                       |    0.001478                       |           0                       |    0.020850                       |    0.002238                       |    0.001298                       |    0.001569                       |           0                       |    0.001525                       |           0                       |    0.000649                       |    0.007028                       |    0.001733                       |    0.001515                       |           0                       |    0.001831                       |    0.003557                       |           0                       |    0.000872                       |    0.007162                       |    0.002587                       |    0.001539                       |           0                       |    0.001559                       |           0                       |    0.000648                       |    0.003298                       |    0.001294                       |    0.001607                       |           0                       |    0.001549                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001617                       |    0.001554                       |           0                       |    0.001577                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001663                       |           0                       |    0.001470                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003228                       |           0                       |    0.001487                       |           0                       |    0.001311                       |           0                       |    0.004382                       |           0                       |    0.001569                       |           0                       |    0.009687                       |    0.000875                       |    0.000870                       |           0                       |    0.001515                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005358                       |    0.001307                       |           0                       |    0.001539                       |           0                       |    0.002177                       |    0.004154                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001607                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003379                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001554                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001682                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.545278                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4292918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4292918                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2810684                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2254568                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     80.214211                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          351704                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29787                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9310772                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48215                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5576928                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44426                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9358987                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5621354                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  14887700                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92641                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              14980341                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3868747                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3878190                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3868747                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3878190                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 77490183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14511948                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               26234774                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4292918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2606272                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              58260668                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          581102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154781                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       247107                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       312175                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3868094                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137690                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     73920970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.638775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         65200147     88.20%     88.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1114322      1.51%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           679112      0.92%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           761381      1.03%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           737521      1.00%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           713199      0.96%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           705902      0.95%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           364424      0.49%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3644962      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     73920970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.055400                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.338556                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8548888                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      58534374                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4156716                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2390434                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290551                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       44619590                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290551                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9530091                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        31967168                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5785260                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5453416                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      20894477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       43593775                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2567546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     49184621                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     105438290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     66907152                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      39311137                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9873470                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151564                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153127                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          15706806                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4958949                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5782628                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       761465                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       609235                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           42496889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       265884                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          44936055                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168705                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7262733                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11763554                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54496                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     73920970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.607893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.368039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     56298509     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      6844240      9.26%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3278902      4.44%     89.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2999334      4.06%     93.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2015762      2.73%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1125782      1.52%     98.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861542      1.17%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300393      0.41%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196506      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     73920970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92724     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631326     79.09%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74151      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174163      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      29579633     65.83%     66.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.12%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9454959     21.04%     87.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5650240     12.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       44936055                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.579894                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798201                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017763                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    164759931                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     50032434                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     39383665                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       45560065                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       857101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133413                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2520                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431896                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5193760                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290551                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4663919                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24919559                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     42762773                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4958949                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5782628                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       257023                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         162313                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108621                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306675                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      44525813                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9311258                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             14893898                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3216355                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5582640                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.574599                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               39450217                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              39383685                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          22441440                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          37368276                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.508241                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.600548                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7448678                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       211388                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269344                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     72754483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.484943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.394851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     59915970     82.35%     82.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4710995      6.48%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3594613      4.94%     93.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1487782      2.04%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       857901      1.18%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       321660      0.44%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355266      0.49%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335633      0.46%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1174663      1.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     72754483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     20288620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       35281802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9176265                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3825533                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2883074                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          34997520                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       277997                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        82012      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     25949230     73.55%     73.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.14%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3825533     10.84%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5350732     15.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     35281802                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1174663                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            114248115                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            86631647                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82807                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3569213                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            20288620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              35281802                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.819392                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.819392                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.261822                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.261822                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         69312199                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        30347431                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15794420                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13256502                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        21824346                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144105                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2190903500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2190903500.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1599579                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        31.010399                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       25.284324                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       22.176871                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1024626     64.06%     64.06% |      471754     29.49%     93.55% |       43549      2.72%     96.27% |       54788      3.43%     99.70% |        4588      0.29%     99.98% |         250      0.02%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1599579                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1661927                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.599404                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.593867                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.186695                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |       86602      5.21%      5.21% |      197743     11.90%     17.11% |      424121     25.52%     42.63% |      503616     30.30%     72.93% |      386638     23.26%     96.20% |       58888      3.54%     99.74% |        4223      0.25%     99.99% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1661927                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         13176                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.137599                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.810221                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.171944                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         461      3.50%      3.50% |        1582     12.01%     15.51% |        6034     45.80%     61.30% |        2981     22.62%     83.93% |        2111     16.02%     99.95% |           7      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           13176                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3728905                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           14.302271                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.882232                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          54.728556                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3675839     98.58%     98.58% |       45453      1.22%     99.80% |        6549      0.18%     99.97% |         848      0.02%     99.99% |         194      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3728905                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3468284                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000868                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000749                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.029447                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3465274     99.91%     99.91% |        3010      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3468284                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       260621                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     164.698731                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    119.558403                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    136.147357                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      207555     79.64%     79.64% |       45453     17.44%     97.08% |        6549      2.51%     99.59% |         848      0.33%     99.92% |         194      0.07%     99.99% |          22      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        260621                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5373603                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            9.780322                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.521826                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          37.236932                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5224249     97.22%     97.22% |      133994      2.49%     99.71% |       12823      0.24%     99.95% |         206      0.00%     99.96% |        1010      0.02%     99.98% |        1168      0.02%    100.00% |         153      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5373603                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5150284                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000378                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000326                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.019449                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5148338     99.96%     99.96% |        1945      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5150284                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       223319                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     166.142473                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    141.873604                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     88.631298                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       73965     33.12%     33.12% |      133994     60.00%     93.12% |       12823      5.74%     98.86% |         206      0.09%     98.96% |        1010      0.45%     99.41% |        1168      0.52%     99.93% |         153      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        223319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3861822                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.538729                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.318455                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.086694                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3849284     99.68%     99.68% |       10438      0.27%     99.95% |        1851      0.05%     99.99% |          50      0.00%     99.99% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3861822                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3740551                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001034                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3740547    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3740551                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121271                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.844670                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.537678                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.466384                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      108733     89.66%     89.66% |       10438      8.61%     98.27% |        1851      1.53%     99.79% |          50      0.04%     99.84% |          92      0.08%     99.91% |          91      0.08%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121271                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136414                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.445262                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.785717                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.468064                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134862     98.86%     98.86% |        1197      0.88%     99.74% |         325      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136414                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026042                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126636     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9692                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.707594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    79.060099                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.671118                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     83.99%     83.99% |        1197     12.35%     96.34% |         325      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9692                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         1799                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time        75082                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access         8191                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   170219                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   1813                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    16140                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               172032                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  849915                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  147456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  24576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               145902                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               1554                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               24317                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               259                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                     1024                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                4234990                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                   49152                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               3767690                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            1064960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2724325                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          3767690                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       1064960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2675510                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            4146819                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              1436                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739450                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1799                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              8191                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             49146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73270     25.52%     25.52% |       71342     24.85%     50.37% |       71389     24.86%     75.23% |       71111     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       287112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38916     25.91%     25.91% |       37095     24.70%     50.61% |       37125     24.72%     75.33% |       37050     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150186                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73295     25.53%     25.53% |       71342     24.85%     50.37% |       71389     24.86%     75.23% |       71110     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44727     25.78%     25.78% |       42917     24.74%     50.53% |       42949     24.76%     75.28% |       42872     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173465                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26162     25.12%     25.12% |       26055     25.01%     50.13% |       26072     25.03%     75.16% |       25869     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104158                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73270     25.52%     25.52% |       71342     24.85%     50.37% |       71389     24.86%     75.23% |       71111     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       287112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38690     25.88%     25.88% |       36933     24.71%     50.59% |       36965     24.73%     75.32% |       36889     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149477                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26162     25.12%     25.12% |       26055     25.01%     50.13% |       26072     25.03%     75.16% |       25869     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104158                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73270     25.52%     25.52% |       71342     24.85%     50.37% |       71389     24.86%     75.23% |       71110     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       287111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38690     25.88%     25.88% |       36933     24.71%     50.59% |       36965     24.73%     75.32% |       36888     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149476                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3583220     96.05%     96.05% |          10      0.00%     96.05% |      147520      3.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3730750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3861883    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3861883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5489703     99.55%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |       24543      0.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      5514246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13161     99.92%     99.92% |          10      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        13171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499189     81.35%     81.35% |           0      0.00%     81.35% |      114440     18.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       613629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161524     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       98406     37.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338599     95.38%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |       16385      4.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       354984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377367     76.76%     76.76% |           0      0.00%     76.76% |      114279     23.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       491646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      162029     62.21%     62.21% |          10      0.00%     62.22% |       98406     37.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       260445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216637     92.97%     92.97% |           0      0.00%     92.97% |       16385      7.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       233022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         177    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         647    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         444    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3740551    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3740551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1434     99.65%     99.65% |           5      0.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       120458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1664725     97.14%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |       49050      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1713775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26152    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         507     99.02%     99.02% |           5      0.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134781     57.91%     57.91% |           0      0.00%     57.91% |       97958     42.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       232739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1743948    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1743948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5243959     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |        8158      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5252117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         218    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242586     93.70%     93.70% |           0      0.00%     93.70% |       16321      6.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       258907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     84.98%     84.98% |           0      0.00%     84.98% |         161     15.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161524     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       98406     37.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121952    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       121952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216647     92.97%     92.97% |           0      0.00%     92.97% |       16385      7.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       233032                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     96.53%     96.53% |           0      0.00%     96.53% |          64      3.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377367     76.76%     76.76% |           0      0.00%     76.76% |      114279     23.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       491646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3744      3.09%      3.09% |        3667      3.02%      6.11% |        3402      2.81%      8.92% |        3428      2.83%     11.74% |        3477      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3696      3.05%     20.94% |        3241      2.67%     23.61% |        3451      2.85%     26.46% |        4986      4.11%     30.57% |        3815      3.15%     33.71% |        3727      3.07%     36.79% |        3458      2.85%     39.64% |        4234      3.49%     43.13% |        3788      3.12%     46.25% |        3683      3.04%     49.29% |        4087      3.37%     52.66% |        4071      3.36%     56.01% |        3570      2.94%     58.96% |        3277      2.70%     61.66% |        2995      2.47%     64.13% |        3584      2.96%     67.08% |        3435      2.83%     69.92% |        3313      2.73%     72.65% |        3554      2.93%     75.58% |        3615      2.98%     78.56% |        3128      2.58%     81.14% |        4576      3.77%     84.91% |        3906      3.22%     88.13% |        5097      4.20%     92.33% |        4948      4.08%     96.41% |        4349      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121282                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44010     16.89%     16.89% |        7806      3.00%     19.88% |        6463      2.48%     22.36% |        7342      2.82%     25.18% |        6722      2.58%     27.76% |        6508      2.50%     30.25% |        6112      2.35%     32.60% |        6269      2.41%     35.01% |        6550      2.51%     37.52% |        6588      2.53%     40.05% |        8659      3.32%     43.37% |        9134      3.50%     46.87% |        7707      2.96%     49.83% |        6418      2.46%     52.29% |        5931      2.28%     54.57% |        6307      2.42%     56.99% |        7236      2.78%     59.77% |        6553      2.51%     62.28% |        6865      2.63%     64.91% |        6962      2.67%     67.59% |        7220      2.77%     70.36% |        7604      2.92%     73.27% |        6634      2.55%     75.82% |        6615      2.54%     78.36% |        6570      2.52%     80.88% |        6506      2.50%     83.37% |        6315      2.42%     85.80% |        5999      2.30%     88.10% |        7136      2.74%     90.84% |        6419      2.46%     93.30% |        7237      2.78%     96.08% |       10225      3.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       260622                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       15946      6.84%      6.84% |        7764      3.33%     10.17% |        6298      2.70%     12.88% |        7489      3.21%     16.09% |        6630      2.85%     18.94% |        6564      2.82%     21.75% |        6154      2.64%     24.39% |        6641      2.85%     27.24% |        6551      2.81%     30.05% |        6171      2.65%     32.70% |        6867      2.95%     35.65% |        6636      2.85%     38.50% |        6429      2.76%     41.26% |        6805      2.92%     44.18% |        6091      2.61%     46.79% |        6162      2.64%     49.43% |        6235      2.68%     52.11% |        6259      2.69%     54.80% |        6426      2.76%     57.55% |        7279      3.12%     60.68% |        7682      3.30%     63.97% |        8265      3.55%     67.52% |        7093      3.04%     70.56% |        7145      3.07%     73.63% |        7274      3.12%     76.75% |        6898      2.96%     79.71% |        6939      2.98%     82.69% |        6965      2.99%     85.68% |        8432      3.62%     89.30% |        7568      3.25%     92.54% |        9126      3.92%     96.46% |        8250      3.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       233034                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       59816     12.17%     12.17% |       15502      3.15%     15.32% |       12711      2.59%     17.90% |       14764      3.00%     20.91% |       13294      2.70%     23.61% |       12677      2.58%     26.19% |       12206      2.48%     28.67% |       12866      2.62%     31.29% |       13063      2.66%     33.95% |       12724      2.59%     36.54% |       15475      3.15%     39.68% |       15728      3.20%     42.88% |       14099      2.87%     45.75% |       13182      2.68%     48.43% |       11968      2.43%     50.86% |       12423      2.53%     53.39% |       13428      2.73%     56.12% |       12766      2.60%     58.72% |       13202      2.69%     61.40% |       14186      2.89%     64.29% |       14861      3.02%     67.31% |       15809      3.22%     70.53% |       13680      2.78%     73.31% |       13715      2.79%     76.10% |       13797      2.81%     78.91% |       13359      2.72%     81.62% |       13211      2.69%     84.31% |       12920      2.63%     86.94% |       15525      3.16%     90.10% |       13946      2.84%     92.93% |       16319      3.32%     96.25% |       18424      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       491646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6370      4.27%      4.27% |        4608      3.09%      7.35% |        4629      3.10%     10.45% |        4611      3.09%     13.54% |        4596      3.08%     16.62% |        4608      3.09%     19.70% |        4611      3.09%     22.79% |        4598      3.08%     25.87% |        4613      3.09%     28.96% |        4619      3.09%     32.05% |        4619      3.09%     35.14% |        4612      3.09%     38.23% |        4596      3.08%     41.31% |        4607      3.08%     44.39% |        4600      3.08%     47.47% |        4601      3.08%     50.55% |        4634      3.10%     53.66% |        4614      3.09%     56.74% |        4629      3.10%     59.84% |        4620      3.09%     62.94% |        4611      3.09%     66.03% |        4631      3.10%     69.13% |        4616      3.09%     72.22% |        4613      3.09%     75.31% |        4627      3.10%     78.40% |        4625      3.10%     81.50% |        4619      3.09%     84.59% |        4609      3.09%     87.68% |        4612      3.09%     90.77% |        4596      3.08%     93.85% |        4598      3.08%     96.92% |        4594      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       149346                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3377      3.24%      3.24% |        3275      3.14%      6.38% |        3308      3.17%      9.55% |        3271      3.14%     12.69% |        3276      3.14%     15.83% |        3241      3.11%     18.94% |        3248      3.11%     22.05% |        3249      3.12%     25.17% |        3253      3.12%     28.28% |        3289      3.15%     31.44% |        3300      3.16%     34.60% |        3264      3.13%     37.73% |        3280      3.15%     40.88% |        3276      3.14%     44.02% |        3276      3.14%     47.16% |        3249      3.12%     50.28% |        3260      3.13%     53.40% |        3246      3.11%     56.51% |        3248      3.11%     59.63% |        3217      3.08%     62.71% |        3233      3.10%     65.81% |        3220      3.09%     68.90% |        3241      3.11%     72.01% |        3217      3.08%     75.09% |        3260      3.13%     78.22% |        3291      3.16%     81.37% |        3277      3.14%     84.52% |        3216      3.08%     87.60% |        3254      3.12%     90.72% |        3242      3.11%     93.83% |        3218      3.09%     96.92% |        3217      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       104289                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10857      3.78%      3.78% |        8928      3.11%      6.89% |        8981      3.13%     10.02% |        8927      3.11%     13.13% |        8916      3.11%     16.23% |        8894      3.10%     19.33% |        8903      3.10%     22.43% |        8891      3.10%     25.53% |        8910      3.10%     28.63% |        8952      3.12%     31.75% |        8963      3.12%     34.87% |        8920      3.11%     37.98% |        8920      3.11%     41.09% |        8927      3.11%     44.20% |        8920      3.11%     47.30% |        8894      3.10%     50.40% |        8938      3.11%     53.51% |        8904      3.10%     56.61% |        8921      3.11%     59.72% |        8881      3.09%     62.81% |        8888      3.10%     65.91% |        8895      3.10%     69.01% |        8901      3.10%     72.11% |        8874      3.09%     75.20% |        8931      3.11%     78.31% |        8960      3.12%     81.43% |        8940      3.11%     84.54% |        8868      3.09%     87.63% |        8910      3.10%     90.74% |        8882      3.09%     93.83% |        8860      3.09%     96.92% |        8855      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       287111                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9833      3.87%      3.87% |        7904      3.11%      6.97% |        7957      3.13%     10.10% |        7903      3.11%     13.21% |        7892      3.10%     16.31% |        7870      3.09%     19.41% |        7879      3.10%     22.50% |        7867      3.09%     25.60% |        7886      3.10%     28.70% |        7928      3.12%     31.81% |        7939      3.12%     34.94% |        7896      3.10%     38.04% |        7896      3.10%     41.15% |        7903      3.11%     44.25% |        7896      3.10%     47.36% |        7870      3.09%     50.45% |        7914      3.11%     53.56% |        7880      3.10%     56.66% |        7897      3.10%     59.77% |        7857      3.09%     62.85% |        7864      3.09%     65.95% |        7871      3.09%     69.04% |        7877      3.10%     72.14% |        7850      3.09%     75.22% |        7907      3.11%     78.33% |        7936      3.12%     81.45% |        7916      3.11%     84.57% |        7844      3.08%     87.65% |        7886      3.10%     90.75% |        7858      3.09%     93.84% |        7836      3.08%     96.92% |        7831      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254343                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          53     23.77%     23.77% |           3      1.35%     25.11% |           9      4.04%     29.15% |           6      2.69%     31.84% |           4      1.79%     33.63% |           5      2.24%     35.87% |           3      1.35%     37.22% |           7      3.14%     40.36% |           6      2.69%     43.05% |           6      2.69%     45.74% |           6      2.69%     48.43% |           4      1.79%     50.22% |           7      3.14%     53.36% |           4      1.79%     55.16% |           5      2.24%     57.40% |           2      0.90%     58.30% |           3      1.35%     59.64% |           4      1.79%     61.43% |           9      4.04%     65.47% |           5      2.24%     67.71% |           3      1.35%     69.06% |           7      3.14%     72.20% |          10      4.48%     76.68% |           5      2.24%     78.92% |           6      2.69%     81.61% |           4      1.79%     83.41% |           7      3.14%     86.55% |           7      3.14%     89.69% |           7      3.14%     92.83% |           5      2.24%     95.07% |           8      3.59%     98.65% |           3      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          223                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         424      3.27%      3.27% |         376      2.90%      6.18% |         390      3.01%      9.19% |         388      3.00%     12.19% |         395      3.05%     15.24% |         384      2.97%     18.20% |         397      3.07%     21.27% |         398      3.07%     24.34% |         384      2.97%     27.31% |         396      3.06%     30.37% |         424      3.27%     33.64% |         420      3.24%     36.89% |         424      3.27%     40.16% |         425      3.28%     43.44% |         427      3.30%     46.74% |         428      3.31%     50.05% |         435      3.36%     53.41% |         409      3.16%     56.56% |         404      3.12%     59.68% |         389      3.00%     62.69% |         383      2.96%     65.65% |         394      3.04%     68.69% |         392      3.03%     71.72% |         393      3.04%     74.75% |         419      3.24%     77.99% |         432      3.34%     81.33% |         435      3.36%     84.68% |         397      3.07%     87.75% |         398      3.07%     90.82% |         396      3.06%     93.88% |         396      3.06%     96.94% |         396      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        12948                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59919     12.15%     12.15% |       15545      3.15%     15.31% |       12755      2.59%     17.89% |       14806      3.00%     20.90% |       13337      2.71%     23.60% |       12720      2.58%     26.18% |       12243      2.48%     28.67% |       12904      2.62%     31.28% |       13098      2.66%     33.94% |       12758      2.59%     36.53% |       15514      3.15%     39.68% |       15761      3.20%     42.87% |       14133      2.87%     45.74% |       13216      2.68%     48.42% |       12004      2.43%     50.86% |       12462      2.53%     53.38% |       13467      2.73%     56.12% |       12805      2.60%     58.71% |       13241      2.69%     61.40% |       14226      2.89%     64.28% |       14902      3.02%     67.31% |       15855      3.22%     70.52% |       13723      2.78%     73.31% |       13757      2.79%     76.10% |       13839      2.81%     78.91% |       13399      2.72%     81.62% |       13253      2.69%     84.31% |       12961      2.63%     86.94% |       15566      3.16%     90.10% |       13987      2.84%     92.94% |       16361      3.32%     96.25% |       18468      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       492985                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         400      3.22%      3.22% |         360      2.90%      6.12% |         378      3.04%      9.16% |         373      3.00%     12.16% |         379      3.05%     15.21% |         365      2.94%     18.15% |         379      3.05%     21.20% |         387      3.11%     24.32% |         375      3.02%     27.33% |         386      3.11%     30.44% |         408      3.28%     33.73% |         405      3.26%     36.98% |         413      3.32%     40.31% |         410      3.30%     43.61% |         409      3.29%     46.90% |         409      3.29%     50.19% |         417      3.36%     53.55% |         391      3.15%     56.70% |         390      3.14%     59.84% |         374      3.01%     62.85% |         362      2.91%     65.76% |         372      2.99%     68.75% |         375      3.02%     71.77% |         373      3.00%     74.77% |         398      3.20%     77.98% |         411      3.31%     81.29% |         417      3.36%     84.64% |         382      3.07%     87.72% |         383      3.08%     90.80% |         383      3.08%     93.88% |         386      3.11%     96.99% |         374      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12424                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5749      4.63%      4.63% |        3871      3.12%      7.75% |        3896      3.14%     10.89% |        3840      3.09%     13.99% |        3833      3.09%     17.08% |        3818      3.08%     20.15% |        3814      3.07%     23.23% |        3810      3.07%     26.30% |        3824      3.08%     29.38% |        3855      3.11%     32.49% |        3859      3.11%     35.60% |        3800      3.06%     38.66% |        3806      3.07%     41.73% |        3814      3.07%     44.80% |        3809      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.93% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.06% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3801      3.06%     69.34% |        3825      3.08%     72.42% |        3794      3.06%     75.48% |        3813      3.07%     78.55% |        3839      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.71% |        3784      3.05%     87.76% |        3823      3.08%     90.84% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3769      3.04%     96.94% |        3792      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124074                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4708      3.13%      3.13% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4707      3.13%      9.37% |        4714      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4711      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4701      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4713      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4722      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.00% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.26% |        4717      3.13%     84.40% |        4703      3.12%     87.52% |        4704      3.12%     90.64% |        4700      3.12%     93.76% |        4705      3.12%     96.89% |        4689      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150614                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         401      3.23%      3.23% |         360      2.90%      6.13% |         376      3.03%      9.16% |         374      3.01%     12.17% |         380      3.06%     15.23% |         368      2.96%     18.20% |         379      3.05%     21.25% |         386      3.11%     24.36% |         372      3.00%     27.36% |         384      3.09%     30.45% |         409      3.29%     33.74% |         407      3.28%     37.02% |         413      3.33%     40.35% |         411      3.31%     43.66% |         411      3.31%     46.97% |         407      3.28%     50.25% |         415      3.34%     53.59% |         390      3.14%     56.73% |         389      3.13%     59.87% |         371      2.99%     62.86% |         362      2.92%     65.77% |         373      3.00%     68.78% |         376      3.03%     71.81% |         372      3.00%     74.80% |         399      3.21%     78.02% |         412      3.32%     81.34% |         418      3.37%     84.70% |         379      3.05%     87.76% |         380      3.06%     90.82% |         380      3.06%     93.88% |         384      3.09%     96.97% |         376      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        12414                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38223     28.13%     28.13% |        3910      2.88%     31.01% |        2560      1.88%     32.90% |        3477      2.56%     35.46% |        2874      2.12%     37.57% |        2338      1.72%     39.29% |        2275      1.67%     40.97% |        2453      1.81%     42.77% |        2723      2.00%     44.78% |        2732      2.01%     46.79% |        4788      3.52%     50.31% |        5325      3.92%     54.23% |        3898      2.87%     57.10% |        2597      1.91%     59.01% |        2100      1.55%     60.56% |        2513      1.85%     62.41% |        3426      2.52%     64.93% |        2743      2.02%     66.95% |        2990      2.20%     69.15% |        3145      2.31%     71.46% |        3403      2.50%     73.97% |        3790      2.79%     76.76% |        2805      2.06%     78.82% |        2818      2.07%     80.90% |        2752      2.03%     82.92% |        2662      1.96%     84.88% |        2507      1.85%     86.73% |        2212      1.63%     88.35% |        3310      2.44%     90.79% |        2620      1.93%     92.72% |        3466      2.55%     95.27% |        6426      4.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135861                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11236     13.64%     13.64% |        3061      3.72%     17.35% |        1589      1.93%     19.28% |        2771      3.36%     22.64% |        1926      2.34%     24.98% |        1853      2.25%     27.23% |        1444      1.75%     28.98% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.58% |        1460      1.77%     35.35% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.41% |        2102      2.55%     44.96% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1519      1.84%     50.27% |        1549      1.88%     52.15% |        1709      2.07%     54.22% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.95% |        3541      4.30%     65.25% |        2392      2.90%     68.15% |        2437      2.96%     71.11% |        2553      3.10%     74.21% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.56% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.37%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82392                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6359      4.26%      4.26% |        4599      3.08%      7.34% |        4620      3.10%     10.44% |        4603      3.08%     13.52% |        4589      3.08%     16.60% |        4600      3.08%     19.68% |        4605      3.09%     22.77% |        4596      3.08%     25.85% |        4612      3.09%     28.94% |        4618      3.09%     32.03% |        4615      3.09%     35.13% |        4611      3.09%     38.22% |        4595      3.08%     41.30% |        4605      3.09%     44.38% |        4599      3.08%     47.46% |        4600      3.08%     50.55% |        4632      3.10%     53.65% |        4614      3.09%     56.74% |        4626      3.10%     59.84% |        4619      3.10%     62.94% |        4610      3.09%     66.03% |        4625      3.10%     69.13% |        4614      3.09%     72.22% |        4611      3.09%     75.31% |        4624      3.10%     78.41% |        4624      3.10%     81.51% |        4617      3.09%     84.60% |        4606      3.09%     87.69% |        4609      3.09%     90.78% |        4589      3.08%     93.85% |        4590      3.08%     96.93% |        4585      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       149221                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        2963      3.25%      3.25% |        2906      3.18%      6.43% |        2919      3.20%      9.63% |        2886      3.16%     12.79% |        2884      3.16%     15.95% |        2860      3.13%     19.08% |        2855      3.13%     22.20% |        2846      3.12%     25.32% |        2864      3.14%     28.46% |        2889      3.16%     31.62% |        2874      3.15%     34.77% |        2841      3.11%     37.88% |        2850      3.12%     41.00% |        2849      3.12%     44.12% |        2845      3.12%     47.24% |        2820      3.09%     50.33% |        2824      3.09%     53.42% |        2833      3.10%     56.53% |        2838      3.11%     59.63% |        2824      3.09%     62.73% |        2848      3.12%     65.85% |        2825      3.09%     68.94% |        2841      3.11%     72.05% |        2821      3.09%     75.14% |        2838      3.11%     78.25% |        2856      3.13%     81.38% |        2837      3.11%     84.49% |        2815      3.08%     87.57% |        2852      3.12%     90.69% |        2848      3.12%     93.81% |        2822      3.09%     96.90% |        2827      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        91300                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       59816     12.17%     12.17% |       15502      3.15%     15.32% |       12711      2.59%     17.90% |       14764      3.00%     20.91% |       13294      2.70%     23.61% |       12677      2.58%     26.19% |       12206      2.48%     28.67% |       12866      2.62%     31.29% |       13063      2.66%     33.95% |       12724      2.59%     36.54% |       15475      3.15%     39.68% |       15728      3.20%     42.88% |       14099      2.87%     45.75% |       13182      2.68%     48.43% |       11968      2.43%     50.86% |       12423      2.53%     53.39% |       13428      2.73%     56.12% |       12766      2.60%     58.72% |       13202      2.69%     61.40% |       14186      2.89%     64.29% |       14861      3.02%     67.31% |       15809      3.22%     70.53% |       13680      2.78%     73.31% |       13715      2.79%     76.10% |       13797      2.81%     78.91% |       13359      2.72%     81.62% |       13211      2.69%     84.31% |       12920      2.63%     86.94% |       15525      3.16%     90.10% |       13946      2.84%     92.93% |       16319      3.32%     96.25% |       18424      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       491646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.71%      9.71% |           7      6.80%     16.50% |           6      5.83%     22.33% |           6      5.83%     28.16% |           7      6.80%     34.95% |           6      5.83%     40.78% |           3      2.91%     43.69% |           2      1.94%     45.63% |           1      0.97%     46.60% |           0      0.00%     46.60% |           4      3.88%     50.49% |           1      0.97%     51.46% |           1      0.97%     52.43% |           2      1.94%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |           1      0.97%     55.34% |           2      1.94%     57.28% |           0      0.00%     57.28% |           2      1.94%     59.22% |           1      0.97%     60.19% |           1      0.97%     61.17% |           5      4.85%     66.02% |           2      1.94%     67.96% |           1      0.97%     68.93% |           2      1.94%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           3      2.91%     78.64% |           7      6.80%     85.44% |           8      7.77%     93.20% |           7      6.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          13      2.26%      2.26% |           9      1.57%      3.83% |          13      2.26%      6.09% |          11      1.91%      8.00% |          12      2.09%     10.09% |          13      2.26%     12.35% |          14      2.43%     14.78% |          17      2.96%     17.74% |          17      2.96%     20.70% |          16      2.78%     23.48% |          17      2.96%     26.43% |          16      2.78%     29.22% |          17      2.96%     32.17% |          16      2.78%     34.96% |          20      3.48%     38.43% |          22      3.83%     42.26% |          21      3.65%     45.91% |          23      4.00%     49.91% |          21      3.65%     53.57% |          22      3.83%     57.39% |          23      4.00%     61.39% |          22      3.83%     65.22% |          24      4.17%     69.39% |          24      4.17%     73.57% |          23      4.00%     77.57% |          23      4.00%     81.57% |          22      3.83%     85.39% |          22      3.83%     89.22% |          22      3.83%     93.04% |          14      2.43%     95.48% |          12      2.09%     97.57% |          14      2.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          575                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     33.33%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           3     33.33%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9833      3.87%      3.87% |        7904      3.11%      6.97% |        7957      3.13%     10.10% |        7903      3.11%     13.21% |        7892      3.10%     16.31% |        7870      3.09%     19.41% |        7879      3.10%     22.50% |        7867      3.09%     25.60% |        7886      3.10%     28.70% |        7928      3.12%     31.81% |        7939      3.12%     34.94% |        7896      3.10%     38.04% |        7896      3.10%     41.15% |        7903      3.11%     44.25% |        7896      3.10%     47.36% |        7870      3.09%     50.45% |        7914      3.11%     53.56% |        7880      3.10%     56.66% |        7897      3.10%     59.77% |        7857      3.09%     62.85% |        7864      3.09%     65.95% |        7871      3.09%     69.04% |        7877      3.10%     72.14% |        7850      3.09%     75.22% |        7907      3.11%     78.33% |        7936      3.12%     81.45% |        7916      3.11%     84.57% |        7844      3.08%     87.65% |        7886      3.10%     90.75% |        7858      3.09%     93.84% |        7836      3.08%     96.92% |        7831      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254343                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     58.62%     58.62% |           1      1.15%     59.77% |           1      1.15%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           0      0.00%     63.22% |           1      1.15%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           2      2.30%     66.67% |           1      1.15%     67.82% |           1      1.15%     68.97% |           2      2.30%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           1      1.15%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           2      2.30%     74.71% |           1      1.15%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           3      3.45%     79.31% |           2      2.30%     81.61% |           1      1.15%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           1      1.15%     86.21% |           2      2.30%     88.51% |           2      2.30%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           2      2.30%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.18%     16.18% |           6      8.82%     25.00% |           5      7.35%     32.35% |           6      8.82%     41.18% |           7     10.29%     51.47% |           4      5.88%     57.35% |           3      4.41%     61.76% |           1      1.47%     63.24% |           1      1.47%     64.71% |           0      0.00%     64.71% |           2      2.94%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           1      1.47%     69.12% |           1      1.47%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           1      1.47%     72.06% |           2      2.94%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           5      7.35%     82.35% |           6      8.82%     91.18% |           6      8.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           68                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           2      1.53%      1.53% |           1      0.76%      2.29% |           7      5.34%      7.63% |           5      3.82%     11.45% |           4      3.05%     14.50% |           3      2.29%     16.79% |           2      1.53%     18.32% |           6      4.58%     22.90% |           6      4.58%     27.48% |           5      3.82%     31.30% |           4      3.05%     34.35% |           3      2.29%     36.64% |           6      4.58%     41.22% |           2      1.53%     42.75% |           5      3.82%     46.56% |           2      1.53%     48.09% |           2      1.53%     49.62% |           4      3.05%     52.67% |           7      5.34%     58.02% |           4      3.05%     61.07% |           3      2.29%     63.36% |           4      3.05%     66.41% |           8      6.11%     72.52% |           4      3.05%     75.57% |           4      3.05%     78.63% |           3      2.29%     80.92% |           5      3.82%     84.73% |           5      3.82%     88.55% |           4      3.05%     91.60% |           3      2.29%     93.89% |           6      4.58%     98.47% |           2      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          131                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          11      2.48%      2.48% |           8      1.80%      4.28% |           6      1.35%      5.63% |           6      1.35%      6.98% |           8      1.80%      8.78% |          10      2.25%     11.04% |          12      2.70%     13.74% |          11      2.48%     16.22% |          11      2.48%     18.69% |          11      2.48%     21.17% |          13      2.93%     24.10% |          13      2.93%     27.03% |          11      2.48%     29.50% |          14      3.15%     32.66% |          15      3.38%     36.04% |          20      4.50%     40.54% |          19      4.28%     44.82% |          19      4.28%     49.10% |          14      3.15%     52.25% |          18      4.05%     56.31% |          20      4.50%     60.81% |          18      4.05%     64.86% |          16      3.60%     68.47% |          20      4.50%     72.97% |          19      4.28%     77.25% |          20      4.50%     81.76% |          17      3.83%     85.59% |          17      3.83%     89.41% |          18      4.05%     93.47% |          11      2.48%     95.95% |           6      1.35%     97.30% |          12      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          444                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         401      3.23%      3.23% |         360      2.90%      6.13% |         376      3.03%      9.16% |         374      3.01%     12.17% |         380      3.06%     15.23% |         368      2.96%     18.20% |         379      3.05%     21.25% |         386      3.11%     24.36% |         372      3.00%     27.36% |         384      3.09%     30.45% |         409      3.29%     33.74% |         407      3.28%     37.02% |         413      3.33%     40.35% |         411      3.31%     43.66% |         411      3.31%     46.97% |         407      3.28%     50.25% |         415      3.34%     53.59% |         390      3.14%     56.73% |         389      3.13%     59.87% |         371      2.99%     62.86% |         362      2.92%     65.77% |         373      3.00%     68.78% |         376      3.03%     71.81% |         372      3.00%     74.80% |         399      3.21%     78.02% |         412      3.32%     81.34% |         418      3.37%     84.70% |         379      3.05%     87.76% |         380      3.06%     90.82% |         380      3.06%     93.88% |         384      3.09%     96.97% |         376      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        12414                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5749      4.63%      4.63% |        3871      3.12%      7.75% |        3896      3.14%     10.89% |        3840      3.09%     13.99% |        3833      3.09%     17.08% |        3818      3.08%     20.15% |        3814      3.07%     23.23% |        3810      3.07%     26.30% |        3824      3.08%     29.38% |        3855      3.11%     32.49% |        3859      3.11%     35.60% |        3800      3.06%     38.66% |        3806      3.07%     41.73% |        3814      3.07%     44.80% |        3809      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.93% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.06% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3801      3.06%     69.34% |        3825      3.08%     72.42% |        3794      3.06%     75.48% |        3813      3.07%     78.55% |        3839      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.71% |        3784      3.05%     87.76% |        3823      3.08%     90.84% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3769      3.04%     96.94% |        3792      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       124074                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         400      3.22%      3.22% |         360      2.90%      6.12% |         378      3.04%      9.16% |         373      3.00%     12.16% |         379      3.05%     15.21% |         365      2.94%     18.15% |         379      3.05%     21.20% |         387      3.12%     24.32% |         375      3.02%     27.34% |         386      3.11%     30.44% |         408      3.28%     33.73% |         405      3.26%     36.99% |         413      3.32%     40.31% |         410      3.30%     43.61% |         409      3.29%     46.90% |         409      3.29%     50.20% |         417      3.36%     53.55% |         391      3.15%     56.70% |         390      3.14%     59.84% |         374      3.01%     62.85% |         362      2.91%     65.77% |         372      2.99%     68.76% |         375      3.02%     71.78% |         373      3.00%     74.78% |         398      3.20%     77.98% |         411      3.31%     81.29% |         417      3.36%     84.65% |         381      3.07%     87.72% |         383      3.08%     90.80% |         383      3.08%     93.88% |         386      3.11%     96.99% |         374      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12423                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4708      3.13%      3.13% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4707      3.13%      9.37% |        4714      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4711      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4701      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4713      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4722      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.00% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.26% |        4717      3.13%     84.40% |        4703      3.12%     87.52% |        4704      3.12%     90.64% |        4700      3.12%     93.76% |        4705      3.12%     96.89% |        4689      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150614                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       59916     12.15%     12.15% |       15539      3.15%     15.31% |       12752      2.59%     17.89% |       14802      3.00%     20.90% |       13337      2.71%     23.60% |       12720      2.58%     26.18% |       12243      2.48%     28.67% |       12904      2.62%     31.28% |       13098      2.66%     33.94% |       12758      2.59%     36.53% |       15514      3.15%     39.68% |       15761      3.20%     42.87% |       14130      2.87%     45.74% |       13216      2.68%     48.42% |       12000      2.43%     50.86% |       12462      2.53%     53.38% |       13466      2.73%     56.12% |       12805      2.60%     58.71% |       13230      2.68%     61.40% |       14224      2.89%     64.28% |       14902      3.02%     67.31% |       15854      3.22%     70.52% |       13723      2.78%     73.31% |       13756      2.79%     76.10% |       13838      2.81%     78.90% |       13399      2.72%     81.62% |       13252      2.69%     84.31% |       12959      2.63%     86.94% |       15565      3.16%     90.10% |       13987      2.84%     92.93% |       16361      3.32%     96.25% |       18468      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       492941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total            5                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |        9991      7.12%      7.12% |       70151     50.00%     57.12% |       60160     42.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       140302                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |        9991      7.12%      7.12% |       70151     50.00%     57.12% |       60160     42.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       140302                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |        9991      7.12%      7.12% |       70151     50.00%     57.12% |       60160     42.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       140302                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |        9991      7.12%      7.12% |       70151     50.00%     57.12% |       60160     42.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       140302                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
