
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038011                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38011295500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214179374000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62917                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   113174                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               98536297                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6217176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   385.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    24271005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43657881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4968768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4968768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3965184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3965184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61956                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61956                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130718197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            130718197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    104315939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           104315939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    235034136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           235034136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77637                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61956                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77637                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61956                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4967296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3964992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4968768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3965184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        2                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      152                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38010816000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77637                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61956                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  60264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        53078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   168.267983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.593107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.748285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27402     51.63%     51.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13073     24.63%     76.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7659     14.43%     90.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1935      3.65%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1109      2.09%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          586      1.10%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          427      0.80%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          319      0.60%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          568      1.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        53078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.710913                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.544564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11558     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.357402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.284423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.098845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11083     95.84%     95.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           406      3.51%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           52      0.45%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           23      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1841895826                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3297158326                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    23731.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               42481.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      130.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      104.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   130.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   104.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   53304                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  33177                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    272297.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   61.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8518946750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1269060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28217295250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              199992240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              201224520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              109122750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              109795125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305058000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300190800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199532160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201852000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2482281360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2482281360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15290189010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14831764515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9390521250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9792648000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          27976696770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          27919756320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          736.133044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.634806                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4881920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4881920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3886080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3886080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    128433402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            128433402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102234874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           102234874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    230668276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           230668276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76280                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60720                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4881216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3886080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4881920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3886080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      154                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38010577500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  59505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.144215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.715581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.861937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25756     50.58%     50.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12709     24.96%     75.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7475     14.68%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1899      3.73%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1116      2.19%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          634      1.24%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          417      0.82%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          317      0.62%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          601      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.731003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.896562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11326     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11331                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.358750                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.282804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.132551                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10879     96.01%     96.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           366      3.23%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           60      0.53%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           26      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11331                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1796263056                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3226306806                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23551.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42301.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      128.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      102.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   128.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   102.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   52663                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  33391                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               54.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    277449.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8877263500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1269060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    27858697000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              193452840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              191449440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              105554625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              104461500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300658800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294052200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195994080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197348400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2482281360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2482281360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        15170035860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14438284110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9495955500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10137843000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          27943933065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27845720010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.269768                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.685555                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4880384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4880384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3885440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3885440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60710                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60710                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    128392993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            128392993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    102218037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           102218037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    230611030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           230611030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76256                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60710                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60710                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4879360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3885440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4880384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3885440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      122                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38011065500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60710                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  59654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        51016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.778579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.569842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.931669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25903     50.77%     50.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12587     24.67%     75.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7578     14.85%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1898      3.72%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1117      2.19%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          594      1.16%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          460      0.90%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          288      0.56%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          591      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        51016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.734894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.986523                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11315     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.363074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.286829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.129239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10840     95.76%     95.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           394      3.48%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           63      0.56%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           23      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1803287128                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3232787128                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23652.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42402.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      128.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      102.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   128.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   102.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   52616                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  33308                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    277521.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8863629500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1269060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27872270500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              193112640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              192515400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              105369000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              105043125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300417000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294091200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195909840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197393760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2482281360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2482281360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        15045423030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14558724540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9605228250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10032156750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          27927741120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27862206135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          734.844905                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.120525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4858752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4858752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3880384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3880384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127823899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            127823899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    102085024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           102085024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    229908923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           229908923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75919                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60631                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75919                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60631                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4858240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3880384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4858816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3880384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        6                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      125                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38010553500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75919                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60631                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  59168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        50562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.803291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.120918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.416127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25498     50.43%     50.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12584     24.89%     75.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7446     14.73%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2011      3.98%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1077      2.13%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          583      1.15%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          431      0.85%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          323      0.64%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          609      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        50562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.692145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.924392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11337     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.345235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.274090                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.087758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10907     96.16%     96.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           356      3.14%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           57      0.50%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           23      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1769677376                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3192989876                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23312.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42062.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      127.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      102.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   127.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   102.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   52452                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  33519                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    278363.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   62.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8866299750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1269060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27869767750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              190670760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              191525040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              104036625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              104502750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298521600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293404800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195508080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197283600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2482281360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2482281360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        15014974770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14536330380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9631937250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10051800750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          27917930445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27857128680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.586763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          732.986925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              430148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                6870570                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.017007                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.819028                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                17.743804                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6836000     99.50%     99.50% |       32092      0.47%     99.96% |        1286      0.02%     99.98% |         587      0.01%     99.99% |         304      0.00%    100.00% |         193      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  6870570                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16452722                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.924930                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.704528                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.049915                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15126690     91.94%     91.94% |     1290729      7.85%     99.79% |       29773      0.18%     99.97% |        4198      0.03%     99.99% |         579      0.00%    100.00% |         192      0.00%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16452722                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16452719                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.149896                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.052481                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             43.980781                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16366971     99.48%     99.48% |       69026      0.42%     99.90% |       12439      0.08%     99.97% |        3099      0.02%     99.99% |         596      0.00%    100.00% |         301      0.00%    100.00% |         198      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16452719                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15051280                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001263                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001081                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.036825                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15032884     99.88%     99.88% |       17888      0.12%    100.00% |         405      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15051280                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1401439                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        122.144955                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       102.015239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        98.602560                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1315691     93.88%     93.88% |       69026      4.93%     98.81% |       12439      0.89%     99.69% |        3099      0.22%     99.92% |         596      0.04%     99.96% |         301      0.02%     99.98% |         198      0.01%     99.99% |          84      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1401439                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses        1043334                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses      1043334                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8538608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289052                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8827660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5730182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123106                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5853288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       591005                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15959                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       248568                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318957                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39909                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99924                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       133571                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       233495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        15014                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits       103363                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       134442                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       237805                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        14552                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits       103778                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       100981                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       204759                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         3122                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        95114                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       134882                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       229996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        14190                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        98655                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       103964                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       202619                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         3074                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101833                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135351                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       237184                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        14795                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        86113                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       121360                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       207473                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        13831                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        93710                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       124695                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       218405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        14147                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        45850                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        26366                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        72216                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19092                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        43686                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        19928                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        44551                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        19981                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24514                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        44495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        17980                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        42878                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18225                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24641                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        42866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24554                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        41630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17320                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24515                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        41835                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        18641                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        43544                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18098                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24535                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        42633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24558                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        42634                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        17633                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24488                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        42121                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        42071                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17230                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24822                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        42052                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20030                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24564                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        44594                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17498                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24564                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        42062                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17061                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        41481                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        17824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24854                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        42678                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        17953                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24518                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        42471                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17219                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24490                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        41709                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18534                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24510                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        43044                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        17969                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        42826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        18822                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24465                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        43287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18382                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24539                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        42921                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        19848                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24491                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        44339                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        21611                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24515                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        46126                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18001                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24943                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        42944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        17918                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        42444                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17238                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24537                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        41775                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        16696                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        41234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17381                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        42300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19360                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        43993                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles       120280                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9521094                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9521094                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9830157                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9521093                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5738566                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5591713                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9521093                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.125240                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7729764                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7729764                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8163583                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7729764                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6045512                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5625932                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7729764                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.101677                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4504436                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4504436                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4739488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4504436                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2191370                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2180736                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4504436                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.059251                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4164319                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4164319                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4302447                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4164319                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2180587                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2171167                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4164319                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.054777                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4399094                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4399094                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4612689                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4399094                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2439764                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2425022                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4399094                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.057866                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3987695                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3987695                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4129796                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3987695                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2069327                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2065423                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3987695                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.052454                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4274316                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4274316                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4381323                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4274316                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1925791                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1923244                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4274316                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.056224                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3802881                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3802881                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3907923                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3802881                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1943807                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1938769                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3802881                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.050023                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2912977                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2912977                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3002922                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2912977                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1464454                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1461849                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2912977                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.038317                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3542880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3542880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3672066                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3542880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1891484                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1887172                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3542880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.046603                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1610459                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1610459                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1631616                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1610459                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       773427                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       772683                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1610459                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.021184                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1191720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1191720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1195125                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1191720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       568489                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       568220                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1191720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015676                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1510142                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1510142                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1516023                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1510142                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785812                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785434                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1510142                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.019864                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1181978                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1181978                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1185907                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1181978                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       563286                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       562998                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1181978                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015548                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       731016                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       731016                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       734100                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       731016                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       350131                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       349996                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       731016                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009616                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       996992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       996992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1001875                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       996992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       458106                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       458008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       996992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013114                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1389326                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1389326                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1396032                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1389326                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       594935                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       594798                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1389326                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018275                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1117779                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1117779                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1123346                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1117779                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       512727                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       512527                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1117779                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014703                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1010898                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1010898                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1018313                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1010898                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       457549                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       457286                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1010898                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013297                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       619490                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       619490                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       622057                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       619490                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       286867                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       286590                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       619490                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008149                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       663910                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       663910                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       665103                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       663910                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       354356                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       354118                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       663910                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008733                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       851088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       851088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       854382                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       851088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       459305                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       458992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       851088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011195                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       707755                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       707755                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       709430                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       707755                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363994                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363755                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       707755                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.009310                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       411941                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       411941                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       411941                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       411941                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       198487                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       198305                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       411941                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       618344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       618344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       619416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       618344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       306343                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       306132                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       618344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008134                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       821839                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       821839                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       825068                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       821839                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       439785                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       439471                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       821839                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.010810                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       698413                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       698413                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       700199                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       698413                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       353527                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       353285                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       698413                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.009187                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       424459                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       424459                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       424459                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       424459                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       202888                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       202707                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       424459                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005583                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3160806                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3160806                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3205500                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3160806                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1449809                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1449178                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3160806                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.041577                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2473970                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2473970                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2497885                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2473970                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1098713                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1098186                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2473970                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.032543                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2532687                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2532687                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2562501                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2532687                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1111423                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1110903                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2532687                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.033315                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2440681                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2440681                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2471740                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2440681                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1094739                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1094085                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2440681                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.032105                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     7213972     35.48%     35.48% |    11128836     54.74%     90.22% |     1988647      9.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     20331455                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     7213974     35.48%     35.48% |    11128837     54.74%     90.22% |     1988647      9.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     20331458                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   174818433                       |   283759797                       |    48399583                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    35957542                       |    43917553                       |     2053399                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.233312                       |   25.497707                       |   24.337946                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    4.984430                       |    3.946284                       |    1.032561                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    24.935639                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.029642                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         28.965281                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004114                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.102478      8.09%      8.09% |    0.102340      8.08%     16.16% |    0.102211      8.07%     24.23% |    0.102029      8.05%     32.28% |    0.179351     14.15%     46.43% |    0.180044     14.21%     60.64% |    0.179199     14.14%     74.78% |    0.180092     14.21%     88.99% |    0.034867      2.75%     91.75% |    0.034872      2.75%     94.50% |    0.034868      2.75%     97.25% |    0.034858      2.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.267210                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031243                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022025                       |    0.000001                       |    0.011829                       |    0.012011                       |    0.008152                       |    0.012015                       |    0.008479                       |    0.011964                       |    0.010605                       |    0.010988                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005013                       |    0.002690                       |    0.002572                       |    0.002636                       |    0.002595                       |    0.002588                       |    0.002536                       |    0.002503                       |    0.002553                       |    0.002694                       |    0.002756                       |    0.002758                       |    0.002606                       |    0.002617                       |    0.002525                       |    0.002545                       |    0.002653                       |    0.002606                       |    0.002603                       |    0.002576                       |    0.002544                       |    0.002770                       |    0.002558                       |    0.002519                       |    0.002584                       |    0.002603                       |    0.002544                       |    0.002622                       |    0.002587                       |    0.002638                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002867                       |    0.006107                       |    0.005996                       |    0.005994                       |    0.005967                       |    0.000323                       |           0                       |    0.010629                       |    0.024401                       |    0.001813                       |    0.001871                       |    0.001590                       |    0.001808                       |    0.001584                       |    0.001863                       |    0.001573                       |    0.001669                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002943                       |    0.000327                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002867                       |    0.002596                       |    0.008875                       |    0.002941                       |    0.001573                       |    0.004130                       |    0.014521                       |    0.006278                       |           0                       |    0.002960                       |    0.004964                       |           0                       |    0.011410                       |    0.016550                       |    0.005692                       |    0.009529                       |    0.002935                       |    0.001813                       |    0.014260                       |    0.017689                       |    0.013024                       |    0.009565                       |    0.002972                       |    0.001871                       |    0.015556                       |    0.012794                       |    0.012020                       |           0                       |    0.002935                       |    0.004863                       |           0                       |    0.009380                       |    0.007899                       |    0.007466                       |           0                       |    0.003057                       |           0                       |    0.005342                       |    0.003943                       |    0.003334                       |           0                       |    0.002969                       |           0                       |    0.002584                       |    0.002581                       |           0                       |    0.003085                       |           0                       |    0.001737                       |    0.002770                       |    0.003603                       |    0.009063                       |    0.002972                       |    0.001669                       |    0.009309                       |    0.004910                       |    0.014994                       |    0.003686                       |    0.007377                       |    0.002965                       |    0.001590                       |    0.004102                       |    0.014859                       |    0.022595                       |    0.004377                       |    0.031066                       |    0.004505                       |    0.010629                       |    0.010932                       |    0.020276                       |    0.036686                       |    0.011145                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003010                       |    0.024401                       |    0.011190                       |    0.032458                       |    0.017582                       |    0.013034                       |    0.009612                       |    0.002923                       |    0.001808                       |    0.005773                       |    0.017416                       |    0.009820                       |    0.005102                       |           0                       |    0.002963                       |           0                       |    0.002435                       |    0.005209                       |    0.004867                       |    0.004391                       |           0                       |    0.002948                       |           0                       |    0.001607                       |    0.002603                       |    0.003653                       |           0                       |    0.002933                       |           0                       |    0.000919                       |    0.002558                       |    0.002900                       |           0                       |    0.003041                       |           0                       |    0.007344                       |    0.003148                       |    0.004757                       |    0.002894                       |           0                       |    0.003017                       |    0.004862                       |           0                       |    0.004566                       |    0.009948                       |    0.008017                       |    0.002906                       |    0.007675                       |    0.002899                       |    0.001584                       |    0.019496                       |    0.012740                       |    0.008824                       |    0.003007                       |    0.009664                       |    0.002892                       |    0.001863                       |    0.008463                       |    0.015376                       |    0.008834                       |    0.002932                       |           0                       |    0.003103                       |    0.004848                       |           0                       |    0.005787                       |    0.009409                       |    0.005995                       |    0.002963                       |           0                       |    0.002944                       |           0                       |    0.001501                       |    0.005162                       |    0.002990                       |    0.002951                       |           0                       |    0.002922                       |           0                       |    0.000760                       |    0.002544                       |    0.002961                       |           0                       |    0.002900                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002519                       |           0                       |    0.002894                       |           0                       |    0.002236                       |           0                       |    0.004486                       |           0                       |    0.002906                       |           0                       |    0.002726                       |    0.001678                       |    0.005805                       |           0                       |    0.003007                       |           0                       |    0.009087                       |    0.003177                       |    0.003004                       |           0                       |    0.002932                       |           0                       |    0.002426                       |    0.006811                       |    0.002534                       |           0                       |    0.002963                       |           0                       |    0.004173                       |    0.006161                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002951                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005198                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002961                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002622                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.267210                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5453686                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5453686                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265640                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3959871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3371144                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.132672                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          445056                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29838                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9673682                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45200                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5364484                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20693                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9718882                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5385177                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  15038166                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65893                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              15104059                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5860105                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9484                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5869589                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5860105                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9484                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5869589                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 72249369                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20499565                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30089973                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5453686                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3816200                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              46997198                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597500                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       152612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       212306                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       309593                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5859469                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143535                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3823                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     68613552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.804563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         58485739     85.24%     85.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1044516      1.52%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           599010      0.87%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1004631      1.46%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1435494      2.09%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           595224      0.87%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           684206      1.00%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           993691      1.45%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3771041      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     68613552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.075484                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.416474                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15637816                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      44352166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6489549                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1835264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298750                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52782072                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298750                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16323653                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27444255                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4832752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7450914                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12263221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51855291                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4381728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     59694585                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121326210                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75621107                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      49891462                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9803108                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135670                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          11218751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5263165                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5552126                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1283234                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1146279                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50620492                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       350190                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          53225813                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143074                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7095706                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11435459                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48927                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     68613552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.775733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.438265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     46568561     67.87%     67.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8545718     12.45%     80.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5219819      7.61%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3007620      4.38%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2934486      4.28%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1181725      1.72%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692195      1.01%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289566      0.42%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173862      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     68613552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95299     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601843     78.83%     91.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66305      8.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165394      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      37775667     70.97%     71.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22630      0.04%     71.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.10%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9797936     18.41%     89.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5411807     10.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       53225813                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.736696                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763447                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014344                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    175971634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     58072925                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47670457                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       53823834                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1240822                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110447                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2628                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6977                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       396029                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5699224                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298750                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4771013                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17965189                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50970682                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100384                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5263165                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5552126                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       341069                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          89994                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6977                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190338                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314788                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      52835595                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9663101                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             15031598                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4385958                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5368497                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.731295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47733126                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47670477                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          30793851                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          49298057                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.659805                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.624646                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7285221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       301263                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279191                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     67461958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.647148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.597576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51252185     75.97%     75.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8044728     11.92%     87.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1859768      2.76%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2150405      3.19%     93.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       746045      1.11%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1048620      1.55%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694006      1.03%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278525      0.41%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1387676      2.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     67461958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     24271004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       43657878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9308810                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4152714                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4049216                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          43361870                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       370287                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81885      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34194768     78.32%     78.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21414      0.05%     78.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.12%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4152714      9.51%     88.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5156096     11.81%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     43657878                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1387676                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            116959307                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           103042308                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84174                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3635817                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            24271004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              43657878                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.976777                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.976777                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.335934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.335934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78119353                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        37669925                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20769838                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16416320                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        24186897                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4874537500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4874537499.999991                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3069062                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.623317                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       25.071404                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       23.393392                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3036017     98.92%     98.92% |       30822      1.00%     99.93% |        1168      0.04%     99.97% |         496      0.02%     99.98% |         263      0.01%     99.99% |         188      0.01%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3069062                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3002614                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.143336                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.985674                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       11.504537                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3001089     99.95%     99.95% |        1270      0.04%     99.99% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3002614                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        798894                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.129803                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.279945                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.315212                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       15908      1.99%      1.99% |       96163     12.04%     14.03% |      285734     35.77%     49.79% |      174223     21.81%     71.60% |      173394     21.70%     93.31% |       44198      5.53%     98.84% |        8752      1.10%     99.93% |         471      0.06%     99.99% |          44      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          798894                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4518981                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.222742                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.712456                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          60.027287                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4468135     98.87%     98.87% |       39660      0.88%     99.75% |        8077      0.18%     99.93% |        2295      0.05%     99.98% |         382      0.01%     99.99% |         175      0.00%     99.99% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4518981                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3943487                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000700                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000604                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026451                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3940729     99.93%     99.93% |        2757      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3943487                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       575494                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     130.381875                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    103.889852                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    118.889087                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      524648     91.16%     91.16% |       39660      6.89%     98.06% |        8077      1.40%     99.46% |        2295      0.40%     99.86% |         382      0.07%     99.92% |         175      0.03%     99.96% |         172      0.03%     99.99% |          81      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        575494                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5952364                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           16.952282                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.555127                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          47.843147                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5919794     99.45%     99.45% |       27254      0.46%     99.91% |        4164      0.07%     99.98% |         782      0.01%     99.99% |         214      0.00%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5952364                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5257383                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003070                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.002625                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.057718                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5241855     99.70%     99.70% |       15021      0.29%     99.99% |         404      0.01%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5257383                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       694981                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     122.475102                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    106.591351                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     83.650864                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      662411     95.31%     95.31% |       27254      3.92%     99.24% |        4164      0.60%     99.83% |         782      0.11%     99.95% |         214      0.03%     99.98% |         126      0.02%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        694981                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5853286                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.696565                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.209618                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.989540                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5840616     99.78%     99.78% |       10616      0.18%     99.96% |        1816      0.03%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5853286                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5730182                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000591                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5730180    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5730182                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123104                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.667411                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.436226                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.175972                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110434     89.71%     89.71% |       10616      8.62%     98.33% |        1816      1.48%     99.81% |          43      0.03%     99.84% |          83      0.07%     99.91% |          91      0.07%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123104                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126782                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.529160                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.667984                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.624402                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125498     98.99%     98.99% |        1007      0.79%     99.78% |         246      0.19%     99.98% |           7      0.01%     99.98% |          13      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126782                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118950                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118842     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118950                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7832                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.490552                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.389785                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.568540                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6548     83.61%     83.61% |        1007     12.86%     96.46% |         246      3.14%     99.60% |           7      0.09%     99.69% |          13      0.17%     99.86% |          10      0.13%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7832                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12763                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       316452                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       795305                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   188288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    24480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   191693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    17925                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   159269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    18208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   24478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  183922                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   18437                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  156667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   18945                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   26013                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  188736                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   16564                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   22944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                  164453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   17086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  173418                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    443                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    916                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    485                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    221                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                    924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    498                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    865                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   223                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   905                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   510                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   223                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   865                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   483                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   913                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   447                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   213                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   906                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   900                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                       51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     2045                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       80                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     1926                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       61                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     1620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    1911                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      61                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    1558                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                      84                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    1957                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      61                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    2064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      65                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    1961                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                17673                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                24701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               189204                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                18660                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               192617                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                18423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               160134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                18673                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               24701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              184827                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               18947                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              157532                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               19428                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               26245                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              189649                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               17011                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               23157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses              165359                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               17539                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               24701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              174318                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                34212110                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                58157307                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles              1165278390                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                33131736                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                62869452                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles              1229520497                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                33852859                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                57563402                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles              1102459278                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                34545000                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               60208533                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles             1166522312                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               34058469                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               59600914                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles             1157640157                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               33903473                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               66445079                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             1204379168                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               35487675                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               61361544                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              985078084                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               34023196                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               65700985                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             1031648557                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   11608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   95637                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12272                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   97287                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   12104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   80890                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12268                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  93382                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  12452                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  79558                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12780                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  21764                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  95814                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  11176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  19204                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  83723                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  11532                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  88151                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6116                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  95612                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   6468                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  97256                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   6380                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  80864                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   6468                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 93356                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  6556                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 79532                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  6732                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 95792                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  5896                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 83700                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  6072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 88128                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                11443                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                92676                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                12054                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                20336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                94437                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                11896                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                78405                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12081                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               20334                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               90566                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12255                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               20334                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               77135                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               12572                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               21610                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               92944                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               11004                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19059                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               80753                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               11352                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               85290                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                165                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2961                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                218                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                148                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2850                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                208                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2485                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                187                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2816                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2423                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               208                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               154                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              2870                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               172                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              2970                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               180                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2861                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                5787                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               95612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6121                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               97256                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6029                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               80864                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                6127                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              93356                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               6182                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              79532                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6373                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              95792                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5560                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              83700                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               5734                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              88128                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               329                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               347                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               351                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               341                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              374                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              359                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              336                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              338                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     139                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     311                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     147                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     300                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     145                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     266                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     147                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    296                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    149                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    153                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     17                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    303                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    134                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                     15                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                    270                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    138                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    286                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.task_cycles               2157150                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.task_cycles               2629995                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.task_cycles               4715644                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.task_cycles               2153564                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.task_cycles               2575766                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.task_cycles               4711598                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.task_cycles               2161114                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.task_cycles               2602718                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.task_cycles               4740746                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.task_cycles               2152007                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.task_cycles              2577877                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.task_cycles              4725840                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.task_cycles              2157130                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.task_cycles              2572480                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.task_cycles              4722824                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.task_cycles              2149669                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.task_cycles              2713647                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.task_cycles              4706681                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.task_cycles              2154160                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.task_cycles              2619963                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.task_cycles              4715896                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.task_cycles              2147615                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.task_cycles              2718242                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.task_cycles              4709255                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_actions                  2224                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_actions                   512                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_actions                  2488                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_actions                  2352                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_actions                   512                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_actions                  2400                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_actions                  2320                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_actions                   512                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_actions                  2128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_actions                  2352                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_actions                  512                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_actions                 2368                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_actions                 2384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_actions                  512                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_actions                 2176                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_actions                 2448                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_actions                  544                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_actions                 2424                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_actions                 2144                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_actions                  480                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_actions                 2160                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_actions                 2208                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_actions                  512                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_actions                 2288                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1513865                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2435483                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4307126                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1507104                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2389071                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4324000                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1483444                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2407552                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4411692                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1406989                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2393177                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4344501                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1533322                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2385679                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4393565                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1461656                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2514334                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              4324393                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              1398145                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2422907                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4380856                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1485929                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2514652                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4340549                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             122455                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             206520                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             129691                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             199200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             128948                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             176624                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             131257                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            196544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            132388                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            180608                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            135985                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            201192                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            119930                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            179280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            122393                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            189904                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2203072                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1448156                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3079568                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2213713                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1414664                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3014009                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2279738                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1443264                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3136778                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2359900                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             1410075                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3027145                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2198583                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1416119                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3083558                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2289671                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1491810                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             3018235                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2377649                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1476159                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             3075930                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2236570                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1499508                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             3076387                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1513865                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2435483                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4307126                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1507104                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2389071                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4324000                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1483444                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2407552                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4411692                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1406989                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2393177                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4344501                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1533322                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2385679                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4393565                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1461656                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2514334                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         4324393                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         1398145                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2422907                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4380856                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1485929                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2514652                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4340549                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        112253                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        206445                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        118729                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        199165                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        116040                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        176594                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        117075                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       196530                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       119989                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       180571                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       122818                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       201161                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       106795                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       179259                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       110850                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       189867                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1681062                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1448156                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3045420                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1674550                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1414664                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2983650                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1685314                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1443264                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         3100810                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1694527                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1410075                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        3002557                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1686408                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1416119                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        3055275                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1688609                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1491810                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        2995048                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1719887                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1476159                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        3057872                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1671631                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1499508                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        3050955                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2145383                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2613099                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4691151                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2141446                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2558870                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4687954                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2149301                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2585822                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4719996                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2140045                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2560981                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4702279                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2143668                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2555584                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4700822                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2137009                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2695695                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           4682062                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2142424                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2604123                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4695129                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2136232                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2701346                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4687182                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              9611                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              4243                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              8901                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             19393                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              9740                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              5381                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              1053                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles             4733                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             9550                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             9077                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1231                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles            12165                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             9524                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles             4829                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             6170                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles             1065                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368632                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          73296969                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          68537540                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368617                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          73296965                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          68537867                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368632                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          73296971                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          68537526                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         73296967                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         68537508                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368639                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         73296976                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         68537666                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         73296972                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         68537772                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368764                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         73296988                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         68537571                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368495                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         73296984                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         68537402                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2114770                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2629804                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4014886                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2109713                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2575949                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4001720                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2118778                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2603082                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          4038838                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2107802                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2578098                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         4027009                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2117784                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2572847                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         4030731                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2106577                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2713712                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         4004505                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2117296                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2620543                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         4022583                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2103084                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2718754                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         4006795                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               443                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               916                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               485                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               221                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               924                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               498                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               865                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               465                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              223                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              905                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              510                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              223                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              865                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              483                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              232                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              913                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              447                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              906                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              453                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              900                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5787                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             95612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              6121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             97256                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              6029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             80864                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              6127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            93356                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             6182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            79532                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             6373                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            95792                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             5560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            83700                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             5734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            88128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5879                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5685                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             18708                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5877                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             20161                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5655                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             16587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              6116                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             5886                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            19779                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             6029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             5677                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            16848                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             6694                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             6258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            19984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4337                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5078                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2            15014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4981                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             5555                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            16324                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77611     25.36%     25.36% |       76280     24.92%     50.28% |       76256     24.91%     75.20% |       75919     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306066                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56046     25.44%     25.44% |       54803     24.87%     50.31% |       54790     24.87%     75.17% |       54708     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220347                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77637     25.36%     25.36% |       76280     24.92%     50.28% |       76256     24.91%     75.20% |       75918     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61956     25.39%     25.39% |       60720     24.88%     50.27% |       60710     24.88%     75.15% |       60631     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       244017                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13373     25.26%     25.26% |       13285     25.09%     50.35% |       13274     25.07%     75.41% |       13018     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52950                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77611     25.36%     25.36% |       76280     24.92%     50.28% |       76256     24.91%     75.20% |       75919     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306066                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55789     25.41%     25.41% |       54608     24.88%     50.29% |       54598     24.87%     75.16% |       54519     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219514                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13373     25.26%     25.26% |       13285     25.09%     50.35% |       13274     25.07%     75.41% |       13018     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52950                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77611     25.36%     25.36% |       76280     24.92%     50.28% |       76256     24.91%     75.20% |       75918     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306065                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55789     25.41%     25.41% |       54608     24.88%     50.29% |       54598     24.87%     75.16% |       54519     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219514                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3546667     78.46%     78.46% |          38      0.00%     78.46% |      127641      2.82%     81.28% |      129949      2.87%     84.16% |      113389      2.51%     86.66% |      126045      2.79%     89.45% |      112405      2.49%     91.94% |      130273      2.88%     94.82% |      114017      2.52%     97.34% |      120081      2.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4520505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5853344    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5853344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5282645     86.88%     86.88% |           0      0.00%     86.88% |      105854      1.74%     88.62% |      107856      1.77%     90.39% |       91370      1.50%     91.89% |      103951      1.71%     93.60% |       90214      1.48%     95.09% |      106911      1.76%     96.85% |       93456      1.54%     98.38% |       98324      1.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6080581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13426      4.23%      4.23% |          38      0.01%      4.24% |       39246     12.36%     16.59% |       38543     12.13%     28.73% |       32621     10.27%     39.00% |       39150     12.33%     51.32% |       34699     10.92%     62.25% |       39112     12.31%     74.56% |       40778     12.84%     87.40% |       40025     12.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       317638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410337     55.99%     55.99% |           0      0.00%     55.99% |       41469      5.66%     61.65% |       41793      5.70%     67.35% |       39130      5.34%     72.69% |       41016      5.60%     78.29% |       39231      5.35%     83.64% |       42801      5.84%     89.48% |       37453      5.11%     94.59% |       39653      5.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       732883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37056     14.49%     14.49% |       38076     14.89%     29.37% |       19552      7.64%     37.02% |       38214     14.94%     51.96% |       21308      8.33%     60.29% |       38042     14.87%     75.16% |       31115     12.16%     87.33% |       32420     12.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       255783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       32102     14.24%     14.25% |       33487     14.85%     29.10% |       17888      7.93%     37.04% |       32985     14.63%     51.67% |       19021      8.44%     60.10% |       32366     14.35%     74.46% |       27990     12.41%     86.87% |       29604     13.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       225473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3414     12.71%     12.71% |        3547     13.21%     25.92% |        2713     10.10%     36.02% |        3831     14.26%     50.28% |        3086     11.49%     61.78% |        3435     12.79%     74.57% |        3340     12.44%     87.00% |        3491     13.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        26857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141768     54.23%     54.23% |          11      0.00%     54.23% |       16149      6.18%     60.41% |       16187      6.19%     66.60% |       11945      4.57%     71.17% |       15918      6.09%     77.26% |       13262      5.07%     82.33% |       16543      6.33%     88.66% |       14326      5.48%     94.14% |       15330      5.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       261439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       29981     13.30%     13.31% |       28666     12.71%     26.02% |       26114     11.58%     37.60% |       29842     13.24%     50.84% |       25196     11.17%     62.01% |       29717     13.18%     75.19% |       28482     12.63%     87.83% |       27448     12.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       225473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270368     39.12%     39.12% |           0      0.00%     39.12% |       55045      7.97%     47.09% |       55648      8.05%     55.14% |       44072      6.38%     61.52% |       55104      7.97%     69.49% |       46938      6.79%     76.29% |       56289      8.15%     84.43% |       52892      7.65%     92.09% |       54687      7.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       691043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37768     14.38%     14.38% |       40942     15.59%     29.97% |       20563      7.83%     37.81% |       40540     15.44%     53.24% |       20726      7.89%     61.14% |       39243     14.94%     76.08% |       31158     11.87%     87.95% |       31652     12.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       262592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       32396     14.50%     14.50% |       33941     15.19%     29.69% |       18850      8.43%     38.13% |       34018     15.22%     53.35% |       18568      8.31%     61.66% |       32802     14.68%     76.33% |       25660     11.48%     87.82% |       27230     12.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       223484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287582     60.18%     60.18% |           0      0.00%     60.18% |       22939      4.80%     64.98% |       21915      4.59%     69.57% |       27122      5.68%     75.24% |       22349      4.68%     79.92% |       26744      5.60%     85.52% |       23164      4.85%     90.36% |       22769      4.76%     95.13% |       23285      4.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       477869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141780     36.08%     36.08% |          38      0.01%     36.09% |       32726      8.33%     44.42% |       32754      8.34%     52.76% |       30165      7.68%     60.43% |       31977      8.14%     68.57% |       30118      7.66%     76.23% |       33283      8.47%     84.71% |       29153      7.42%     92.12% |       30947      7.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       392941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122583    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146860     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        9255      4.16%     70.20% |        9551      4.29%     74.50% |        9477      4.26%     78.76% |        9551      4.29%     83.05% |        9625      4.33%     87.38% |       10030      4.51%     91.89% |        8812      3.96%     95.85% |        9218      4.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11169     42.67%     42.67% |           0      0.00%     42.67% |        1874      7.16%     49.83% |        1925      7.35%     57.19% |        1835      7.01%     64.20% |        1903      7.27%     71.47% |        1851      7.07%     78.54% |        1917      7.32%     85.87% |        1847      7.06%     92.92% |        1852      7.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        26173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         358      0.20%      0.20% |           0      0.00%      0.20% |       24386     13.36%     13.55% |       23892     13.09%     26.64% |       17687      9.69%     36.33% |       24764     13.57%     49.90% |       19524     10.69%     60.59% |       24528     13.44%     74.03% |       24148     13.23%     87.25% |       23267     12.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       182554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         523    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          35      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       37268     13.43%     13.44% |       36896     13.29%     26.74% |       26993      9.73%     36.46% |       37580     13.54%     50.00% |       28751     10.36%     60.36% |       37387     13.47%     73.83% |       35909     12.94%     86.77% |       36712     13.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       277531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         577      0.73%      0.73% |           0      0.00%      0.73% |       11820     14.86%     15.59% |       12948     16.28%     31.87% |        5136      6.46%     38.33% |       12292     15.46%     53.79% |        5416      6.81%     60.60% |       12566     15.80%     76.40% |        8970     11.28%     87.68% |        9793     12.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        79518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6871      4.26%      4.26% |           0      0.00%      4.26% |       21223     13.17%     17.43% |       21737     13.49%     30.92% |       13973      8.67%     39.58% |       22296     13.83%     53.42% |       13844      8.59%     62.01% |       22677     14.07%     76.08% |       18604     11.54%     87.62% |       19958     12.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       161183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5730182    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5730182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       29936     14.75%     14.76% |       31349     15.45%     30.21% |       16659      8.21%     38.42% |       31010     15.28%     53.70% |       15946      7.86%     61.56% |       30123     14.84%     76.40% |       23338     11.50%     87.90% |       24551     12.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       202931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1332      0.47%      0.47% |          27      0.01%      0.48% |       36400     12.81%     13.29% |       35635     12.54%     25.84% |       30245     10.65%     36.48% |       36402     12.81%     49.30% |       32370     11.40%     60.69% |       36421     12.82%     73.52% |       37899     13.34%     86.86% |       37336     13.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       284067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122041     69.59%     69.59% |           0      0.00%     69.59% |        6710      3.83%     73.42% |        6930      3.95%     77.37% |        6872      3.92%     81.29% |        6375      3.64%     84.93% |        7071      4.03%     88.96% |        7071      4.03%     92.99% |        5714      3.26%     96.25% |        6575      3.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       175359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1394066     90.57%     90.57% |           0      0.00%     90.57% |       18621      1.21%     91.78% |       18804      1.22%     93.01% |       17107      1.11%     94.12% |       18366      1.19%     95.31% |       17432      1.13%     96.44% |       19808      1.29%     97.73% |       16744      1.09%     98.82% |       18187      1.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1539135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21203     25.81%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |        8614     10.49%     36.30% |        8398     10.22%     46.53% |        5622      6.84%     53.37% |        8245     10.04%     63.41% |        6727      8.19%     71.60% |        8643     10.52%     82.12% |        7016      8.54%     90.66% |        7669      9.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        82137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         607     98.22%     98.22% |          11      1.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119841     77.64%     77.64% |           0      0.00%     77.64% |        4289      2.78%     80.42% |        4342      2.81%     83.24% |        4325      2.80%     86.04% |        4298      2.78%     88.82% |        4321      2.80%     91.62% |        4603      2.98%     94.60% |        4028      2.61%     97.21% |        4300      2.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       154347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2927     13.44%     13.44% |        3160     14.51%     27.94% |        1711      7.85%     35.80% |        3056     14.03%     49.83% |        1927      8.85%     58.67% |        2997     13.76%     72.43% |        2963     13.60%     86.03% |        3042     13.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        21783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2002069     89.25%     89.25% |           0      0.00%     89.25% |       30685      1.37%     90.62% |       32762      1.46%     92.08% |       34457      1.54%     93.62% |       28642      1.28%     94.89% |       31487      1.40%     96.30% |       29977      1.34%     97.63% |       25368      1.13%     98.76% |       27722      1.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2243169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5114399     96.58%     96.58% |           0      0.00%     96.58% |       20781      0.39%     96.97% |       21662      0.41%     97.38% |       32619      0.62%     98.00% |       17565      0.33%     98.33% |       29165      0.55%     98.88% |       20728      0.39%     99.27% |       18381      0.35%     99.62% |       20174      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5295474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         318     99.38%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           2      0.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167741     51.85%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |       18650      5.76%     57.61% |       17573      5.43%     63.04% |       22797      7.05%     70.09% |       18051      5.58%     75.67% |       22423      6.93%     82.60% |       18561      5.74%     88.34% |       18741      5.79%     94.13% |       18985      5.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       323522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37056     14.49%     14.49% |       38073     14.89%     29.37% |       19552      7.64%     37.02% |       38212     14.94%     51.96% |       21307      8.33%     60.29% |       38042     14.87%     75.16% |       31114     12.16%     87.33% |       32411     12.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       255767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       29174     14.32%     14.34% |       30323     14.89%     29.23% |       16177      7.94%     37.17% |       29928     14.69%     51.86% |       17094      8.39%     60.25% |       29368     14.42%     74.67% |       25027     12.29%     86.96% |       26561     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       203682                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     11.54%     11.54% |          28     17.95%     29.49% |          19     12.18%     41.67% |          20     12.82%     54.49% |          14      8.97%     63.46% |          18     11.54%     75.00% |          14      8.97%     83.97% |          25     16.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141768     54.23%     54.23% |          11      0.00%     54.23% |       16149      6.18%     60.41% |       16187      6.19%     66.60% |       11945      4.57%     71.17% |       15918      6.09%     77.26% |       13262      5.07%     82.33% |       16543      6.33%     88.66% |       14326      5.48%     94.14% |       15330      5.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       261439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       29981     13.30%     13.31% |       28666     12.71%     26.02% |       26114     11.58%     37.60% |       29842     13.24%     50.84% |       25196     11.17%     62.01% |       29717     13.18%     75.19% |       28482     12.63%     87.83% |       27448     12.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       225473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123473     58.37%     58.37% |           0      0.00%     58.37% |       10964      5.18%     63.55% |       11765      5.56%     69.12% |        9774      4.62%     73.74% |       10961      5.18%     78.92% |       11170      5.28%     84.20% |       11533      5.45%     89.65% |       10479      4.95%     94.61% |       11411      5.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       211530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3414     12.71%     12.71% |        3547     13.21%     25.92% |        2713     10.10%     36.02% |        3831     14.26%     50.28% |        3086     11.49%     61.78% |        3435     12.79%     74.57% |        3340     12.44%     87.00% |        3491     13.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        26857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146895     30.64%     30.64% |           0      0.00%     30.64% |       44063      9.19%     39.84% |       43855      9.15%     48.98% |       34279      7.15%     56.14% |       44123      9.20%     65.34% |       35754      7.46%     72.80% |       44738      9.33%     82.13% |       42399      8.84%     90.98% |       43251      9.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       479357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1886     13.93%     13.93% |        1858     13.72%     27.65% |        1170      8.64%     36.29% |        1462     10.80%     47.09% |        1128      8.33%     55.42% |        1039      7.67%     63.09% |        3205     23.67%     86.77% |        1792     13.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        13540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         954     15.13%     15.13% |         955     15.15%     30.28% |         522      8.28%     38.56% |         823     13.06%     51.62% |         464      7.36%     58.98% |         756     11.99%     70.97% |        1018     16.15%     87.12% |         812     12.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         6304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       35882     14.41%     14.41% |       39084     15.69%     30.10% |       19393      7.79%     37.89% |       39078     15.69%     53.58% |       19598      7.87%     61.45% |       38204     15.34%     76.79% |       27953     11.22%     88.01% |       29860     11.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       249052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       32396     14.50%     14.50% |       33941     15.19%     29.69% |       18850      8.43%     38.13% |       34018     15.22%     53.35% |       18568      8.31%     61.66% |       32802     14.68%     76.33% |       25660     11.48%     87.82% |       27230     12.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       223484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     11.54%     11.54% |          28     17.95%     29.49% |          19     12.18%     41.67% |          20     12.82%     54.49% |          14      8.97%     63.46% |          18     11.54%     75.00% |          14      8.97%     83.97% |          25     16.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1523    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     18.75%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           2     12.50%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           9     56.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           4     50.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287582     60.18%     60.18% |           0      0.00%     60.18% |       22938      4.80%     64.98% |       21908      4.58%     69.57% |       27122      5.68%     75.24% |       22346      4.68%     79.92% |       26743      5.60%     85.52% |       23163      4.85%     90.36% |       22768      4.76%     95.13% |       23275      4.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       477845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.17%      4.17% |           7     29.17%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           3     12.50%     45.83% |           1      4.17%     50.00% |           1      4.17%     54.17% |           1      4.17%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3826      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.17% |        3474      2.82%      9.00% |        3488      2.83%     11.83% |        3536      2.87%     14.70% |        4042      3.28%     17.98% |        3712      3.02%     21.00% |        3294      2.68%     23.67% |        3535      2.87%     26.55% |        5127      4.16%     30.71% |        3879      3.15%     33.86% |        3783      3.07%     36.93% |        3543      2.88%     39.81% |        4270      3.47%     43.28% |        3863      3.14%     46.42% |        3769      3.06%     49.48% |        4082      3.32%     52.80% |        4108      3.34%     56.13% |        3604      2.93%     59.06% |        3284      2.67%     61.73% |        3063      2.49%     64.21% |        3646      2.96%     67.18% |        3495      2.84%     70.02% |        3386      2.75%     72.77% |        3603      2.93%     75.69% |        3630      2.95%     78.64% |        3246      2.64%     81.28% |        4532      3.68%     84.96% |        3914      3.18%     88.14% |        5151      4.18%     92.32% |        5002      4.06%     96.38% |        4451      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123112                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44537      7.61%      7.61% |       18171      3.10%     10.71% |       17188      2.94%     13.64% |       17851      3.05%     16.69% |       17517      2.99%     19.68% |       17042      2.91%     22.59% |       16852      2.88%     25.47% |       16674      2.85%     28.32% |       17027      2.91%     31.23% |       17448      2.98%     34.21% |       19338      3.30%     37.51% |       18883      3.22%     40.73% |       17697      3.02%     43.76% |       17367      2.97%     46.72% |       16658      2.84%     49.57% |       16808      2.87%     52.44% |       17785      3.04%     55.47% |       17195      2.94%     58.41% |       17535      2.99%     61.41% |       17357      2.96%     64.37% |       17322      2.96%     67.33% |       18513      3.16%     70.49% |       17151      2.93%     73.42% |       16839      2.88%     76.29% |       17137      2.93%     79.22% |       17399      2.97%     82.19% |       17015      2.91%     85.10% |       16684      2.85%     87.95% |       17088      2.92%     90.86% |       16619      2.84%     93.70% |       17200      2.94%     96.64% |       19673      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       585570                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18130      3.51%      3.51% |       16198      3.14%      6.65% |       15908      3.08%      9.73% |       16083      3.11%     12.84% |       16115      3.12%     15.96% |       15897      3.08%     19.04% |       15692      3.04%     22.08% |       15799      3.06%     25.13% |       16114      3.12%     28.25% |       15804      3.06%     31.31% |       15798      3.06%     34.37% |       16432      3.18%     37.55% |       16067      3.11%     40.66% |       15740      3.05%     43.71% |       15602      3.02%     46.73% |       15791      3.06%     49.79% |       16120      3.12%     52.91% |       15880      3.07%     55.99% |       15973      3.09%     59.08% |       16117      3.12%     62.20% |       16129      3.12%     65.32% |       17024      3.30%     68.62% |       15907      3.08%     71.70% |       15891      3.08%     74.77% |       16421      3.18%     77.95% |       16108      3.12%     81.07% |       16095      3.12%     84.19% |       16461      3.19%     87.37% |       16151      3.13%     90.50% |       16031      3.10%     93.60% |       16595      3.21%     96.82% |       16440      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       516513                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        6413      3.15%      3.15% |        6279      3.09%      6.24% |        6244      3.07%      9.31% |        6238      3.07%     12.38% |        6520      3.21%     15.59% |        6275      3.09%     18.67% |        6289      3.09%     21.76% |        6255      3.08%     24.84% |        6434      3.16%     28.00% |        6339      3.12%     31.12% |        6369      3.13%     34.25% |        6286      3.09%     37.34% |        6427      3.16%     40.51% |        6371      3.13%     43.64% |        6417      3.16%     46.79% |        6323      3.11%     49.90% |        6388      3.14%     53.04% |        6267      3.08%     56.13% |        6444      3.17%     59.30% |        6361      3.13%     62.42% |        6424      3.16%     65.58% |        6273      3.08%     68.67% |        6430      3.16%     71.83% |        6404      3.15%     74.98% |        6510      3.20%     78.18% |        6288      3.09%     81.27% |        6360      3.13%     84.40% |        6485      3.19%     87.59% |        6397      3.15%     90.73% |        6256      3.08%     93.81% |        6270      3.08%     96.89% |        6316      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       203352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42859      8.97%      8.97% |       14996      3.14%     12.11% |       13667      2.86%     14.97% |       14590      3.05%     18.02% |       13818      2.89%     20.91% |       13443      2.81%     23.72% |       13064      2.73%     26.46% |       13106      2.74%     29.20% |       13317      2.79%     31.99% |       13881      2.90%     34.89% |       15625      3.27%     38.16% |       15919      3.33%     41.49% |       14014      2.93%     44.43% |       13648      2.86%     47.28% |       12808      2.68%     49.96% |       13199      2.76%     52.72% |       14157      2.96%     55.69% |       13674      2.86%     58.55% |       14020      2.93%     61.48% |       14049      2.94%     64.42% |       13699      2.87%     67.29% |       16131      3.38%     70.66% |       13605      2.85%     73.51% |       13295      2.78%     76.29% |       13741      2.88%     79.17% |       14131      2.96%     82.13% |       13667      2.86%     84.99% |       13639      2.85%     87.84% |       13529      2.83%     90.67% |       13333      2.79%     93.46% |       14447      3.02%     96.48% |       16803      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       477874                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           2     12.50%     50.00% |           2     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     12.50%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8039      3.67%      3.67% |        6813      3.11%      6.77% |        6844      3.12%      9.89% |        6807      3.10%     13.00% |        6793      3.10%     16.09% |        6801      3.10%     19.19% |        6793      3.10%     22.29% |        6799      3.10%     25.39% |        6820      3.11%     28.50% |        6832      3.12%     31.62% |        6855      3.13%     34.74% |        6832      3.12%     37.86% |        6819      3.11%     40.97% |        6847      3.12%     44.09% |        6816      3.11%     47.20% |        6814      3.11%     50.30% |        6850      3.12%     53.43% |        6828      3.11%     56.54% |        6831      3.11%     59.66% |        6833      3.12%     62.77% |        6821      3.11%     65.88% |        6854      3.13%     69.01% |        6823      3.11%     72.12% |        6784      3.09%     75.21% |        6803      3.10%     78.31% |        6808      3.10%     81.42% |        6792      3.10%     84.51% |        6794      3.10%     87.61% |        6790      3.10%     90.71% |        6781      3.09%     93.80% |        6792      3.10%     96.90% |        6807      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219315                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1816      3.42%      3.42% |        1698      3.19%      6.61% |        1729      3.25%      9.86% |        1674      3.15%     13.01% |        1675      3.15%     16.17% |        1667      3.14%     19.30% |        1670      3.14%     22.44% |        1654      3.11%     25.56% |        1670      3.14%     28.70% |        1703      3.20%     31.90% |        1689      3.18%     35.08% |        1643      3.09%     38.17% |        1690      3.18%     41.35% |        1684      3.17%     44.52% |        1699      3.20%     47.72% |        1644      3.09%     50.81% |        1658      3.12%     53.93% |        1642      3.09%     57.02% |        1632      3.07%     60.09% |        1621      3.05%     63.14% |        1625      3.06%     66.20% |        1639      3.08%     69.28% |        1623      3.05%     72.33% |        1613      3.03%     75.37% |        1652      3.11%     78.48% |        1674      3.15%     81.63% |        1664      3.13%     84.76% |        1619      3.05%     87.80% |        1641      3.09%     90.89% |        1622      3.05%     93.94% |        1620      3.05%     96.99% |        1600      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10971      3.58%      3.58% |        9561      3.12%      6.71% |        9621      3.14%      9.85% |        9529      3.11%     12.97% |        9516      3.11%     16.07% |        9516      3.11%     19.18% |        9511      3.11%     22.29% |        9501      3.10%     25.40% |        9538      3.12%     28.51% |        9583      3.13%     31.64% |        9591      3.13%     34.78% |        9522      3.11%     37.89% |        9556      3.12%     41.01% |        9578      3.13%     44.14% |        9562      3.12%     47.26% |        9505      3.11%     50.37% |        9555      3.12%     53.49% |        9518      3.11%     56.60% |        9511      3.11%     59.71% |        9502      3.10%     62.81% |        9494      3.10%     65.91% |        9542      3.12%     69.03% |        9494      3.10%     72.13% |        9444      3.09%     75.22% |        9503      3.10%     78.32% |        9531      3.11%     81.44% |        9505      3.11%     84.54% |        9459      3.09%     87.63% |        9478      3.10%     90.73% |        9451      3.09%     93.82% |        9461      3.09%     96.91% |        9456      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306065                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9947      3.64%      3.64% |        8537      3.12%      6.76% |        8597      3.15%      9.91% |        8505      3.11%     13.02% |        8492      3.11%     16.13% |        8492      3.11%     19.24% |        8487      3.11%     22.34% |        8477      3.10%     25.44% |        8514      3.12%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8567      3.13%     34.82% |        8498      3.11%     37.93% |        8532      3.12%     41.06% |        8554      3.13%     44.19% |        8538      3.12%     47.31% |        8481      3.10%     50.41% |        8531      3.12%     53.53% |        8494      3.11%     56.64% |        8487      3.11%     59.75% |        8478      3.10%     62.85% |        8470      3.10%     65.95% |        8518      3.12%     69.07% |        8470      3.10%     72.17% |        8420      3.08%     75.25% |        8479      3.10%     78.35% |        8507      3.11%     81.46% |        8481      3.10%     84.56% |        8435      3.09%     87.65% |        8454      3.09%     90.74% |        8427      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.91% |        8432      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273297                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6537      3.20%      3.20% |        6361      3.12%      6.32% |        6332      3.10%      9.43% |        6279      3.08%     12.50% |        6528      3.20%     15.70% |        6331      3.10%     18.81% |        6374      3.12%     21.93% |        6298      3.09%     25.02% |        6476      3.17%     28.19% |        6387      3.13%     31.32% |        6404      3.14%     34.46% |        6310      3.09%     37.56% |        6430      3.15%     40.71% |        6355      3.12%     43.82% |        6382      3.13%     46.95% |        6367      3.12%     50.07% |        6427      3.15%     53.22% |        6322      3.10%     56.32% |        6398      3.14%     59.46% |        6329      3.10%     62.56% |        6444      3.16%     65.72% |        6293      3.08%     68.80% |        6386      3.13%     71.93% |        6327      3.10%     75.03% |        6489      3.18%     78.21% |        6274      3.08%     81.29% |        6310      3.09%     84.38% |        6347      3.11%     87.49% |        6501      3.19%     90.68% |        6331      3.10%     93.78% |        6354      3.11%     96.90% |        6327      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       204010                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         689      3.16%      3.16% |         699      3.21%      6.37% |         688      3.16%      9.53% |         676      3.10%     12.63% |         685      3.14%     15.78% |         685      3.14%     18.92% |         693      3.18%     22.10% |         683      3.14%     25.24% |         678      3.11%     28.35% |         671      3.08%     31.43% |         693      3.18%     34.61% |         689      3.16%     37.78% |         665      3.05%     40.83% |         673      3.09%     43.92% |         681      3.13%     47.05% |         681      3.13%     50.17% |         679      3.12%     53.29% |         664      3.05%     56.34% |         672      3.08%     59.42% |         688      3.16%     62.58% |         692      3.18%     65.76% |         657      3.02%     68.77% |         674      3.09%     71.87% |         673      3.09%     74.96% |         684      3.14%     78.10% |         677      3.11%     81.21% |         665      3.05%     84.26% |         684      3.14%     87.40% |         697      3.20%     90.60% |         700      3.21%     93.81% |         674      3.09%     96.91% |         674      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        21783                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         402      3.12%      3.12% |         394      3.06%      6.18% |         409      3.18%      9.36% |         409      3.18%     12.53% |         406      3.15%     15.68% |         407      3.16%     18.84% |         406      3.15%     22.00% |         405      3.14%     25.14% |         402      3.12%     28.26% |         405      3.14%     31.41% |         407      3.16%     34.57% |         406      3.15%     37.72% |         408      3.17%     40.89% |         407      3.16%     44.05% |         409      3.18%     47.22% |         412      3.20%     50.42% |         403      3.13%     53.55% |         410      3.18%     56.73% |         404      3.14%     59.87% |         399      3.10%     62.97% |         401      3.11%     66.08% |         399      3.10%     69.18% |         397      3.08%     72.26% |         396      3.07%     75.33% |         396      3.07%     78.41% |         394      3.06%     81.47% |         401      3.11%     84.58% |         398      3.09%     87.67% |         398      3.09%     90.76% |         400      3.11%     93.87% |         397      3.08%     96.95% |         393      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        12880                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         501      3.34%      3.34% |         456      3.04%      6.38% |         454      3.03%      9.41% |         447      2.98%     12.40% |         460      3.07%     15.46% |         471      3.14%     18.61% |         462      3.08%     21.69% |         461      3.08%     24.76% |         468      3.12%     27.89% |         475      3.17%     31.06% |         487      3.25%     34.31% |         476      3.18%     37.48% |         493      3.29%     40.77% |         496      3.31%     44.08% |         500      3.34%     47.41% |         485      3.24%     50.65% |         487      3.25%     53.90% |         472      3.15%     57.05% |         468      3.12%     60.17% |         446      2.98%     63.15% |         441      2.94%     66.09% |         470      3.14%     69.22% |         449      3.00%     72.22% |         447      2.98%     75.20% |         474      3.16%     78.36% |         478      3.19%     81.55% |         487      3.25%     84.80% |         456      3.04%     87.84% |         451      3.01%     90.85% |         455      3.04%     93.89% |         463      3.09%     96.98% |         453      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14989                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7164      3.18%      3.18% |        7053      3.13%      6.31% |        7009      3.11%      9.41% |        6946      3.08%     12.49% |        7206      3.20%     15.69% |        7012      3.11%     18.80% |        7062      3.13%     21.93% |        6974      3.09%     25.03% |        7146      3.17%     28.19% |        7050      3.13%     31.32% |        7090      3.14%     34.47% |        6993      3.10%     37.57% |        7087      3.14%     40.71% |        7024      3.12%     43.83% |        7057      3.13%     46.96% |        7043      3.12%     50.08% |        7100      3.15%     53.23% |        6979      3.10%     56.32% |        7063      3.13%     59.46% |        7007      3.11%     62.56% |        7124      3.16%     65.72% |        6937      3.08%     68.80% |        7049      3.13%     71.93% |        6989      3.10%     75.03% |        7163      3.18%     78.20% |        6942      3.08%     81.28% |        6965      3.09%     84.37% |        7020      3.11%     87.48% |        7185      3.19%     90.67% |        7022      3.11%     93.79% |        7015      3.11%     96.90% |        6997      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       225473                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       58424      6.06%      6.06% |       30136      3.13%      9.18% |       28783      2.98%     12.17% |       29694      3.08%     15.25% |       29327      3.04%     18.29% |       28560      2.96%     21.25% |       28186      2.92%     24.17% |       28233      2.93%     27.10% |       28792      2.99%     30.09% |       29003      3.01%     33.10% |       30760      3.19%     36.29% |       31009      3.22%     39.50% |       29429      3.05%     42.55% |       28791      2.99%     45.54% |       27896      2.89%     48.43% |       28287      2.93%     51.37% |       29591      3.07%     54.43% |       28766      2.98%     57.42% |       29135      3.02%     60.44% |       29131      3.02%     63.46% |       29126      3.02%     66.48% |       31240      3.24%     69.72% |       28764      2.98%     72.70% |       28356      2.94%     75.64% |       29173      3.03%     78.67% |       29204      3.03%     81.70% |       28734      2.98%     84.68% |       28771      2.98%     87.66% |       29002      3.01%     90.67% |       28451      2.95%     93.62% |       29564      3.07%     96.69% |       31962      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       964280                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         410      3.27%      3.27% |         374      2.98%      6.25% |         379      3.02%      9.27% |         373      2.97%     12.25% |         384      3.06%     15.31% |         382      3.05%     18.36% |         380      3.03%     21.39% |         385      3.07%     24.46% |         389      3.10%     27.56% |         401      3.20%     30.76% |         406      3.24%     33.99% |         398      3.17%     37.17% |         417      3.33%     40.49% |         418      3.33%     43.82% |         420      3.35%     47.17% |         409      3.26%     50.43% |         413      3.29%     53.73% |         400      3.19%     56.92% |         391      3.12%     60.04% |         372      2.97%     63.00% |         364      2.90%     65.90% |         389      3.10%     69.01% |         373      2.97%     71.98% |         372      2.97%     74.95% |         399      3.18%     78.13% |         406      3.24%     81.37% |         414      3.30%     84.67% |         387      3.09%     87.75% |         388      3.09%     90.85% |         382      3.05%     93.89% |         393      3.13%     97.03% |         373      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12541                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5287      4.14%      4.14% |        4018      3.14%      7.28% |        4068      3.18%     10.46% |        3981      3.11%     13.58% |        3973      3.11%     16.69% |        3964      3.10%     19.79% |        3972      3.11%     22.90% |        3961      3.10%     25.99% |        3972      3.11%     29.10% |        4000      3.13%     32.23% |        4017      3.14%     35.38% |        3930      3.07%     38.45% |        3951      3.09%     41.54% |        3973      3.11%     44.65% |        3966      3.10%     47.75% |        3932      3.08%     50.83% |        3964      3.10%     53.93% |        3936      3.08%     57.01% |        3940      3.08%     60.09% |        3948      3.09%     63.18% |        3949      3.09%     66.27% |        3952      3.09%     69.36% |        3951      3.09%     72.46% |        3905      3.06%     75.51% |        3930      3.07%     78.59% |        3945      3.09%     81.67% |        3910      3.06%     84.73% |        3897      3.05%     87.78% |        3917      3.06%     90.85% |        3895      3.05%     93.89% |        3885      3.04%     96.93% |        3921      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5169      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5170      3.12%     18.78% |        5159      3.11%     21.89% |        5155      3.11%     25.00% |        5177      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.25% |        5168      3.12%     34.37% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5187      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5164      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.12%     53.13% |        5182      3.13%     56.26% |        5180      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5201      3.14%     68.78% |        5170      3.12%     71.90% |        5167      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.14% |        5180      3.13%     81.26% |        5181      3.13%     84.39% |        5176      3.12%     87.51% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5174      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3090      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.95% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.91% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.05% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3200      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.33% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4145      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110478                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2674      3.18%      3.18% |        2615      3.11%      6.28% |        2694      3.20%      9.48% |        2665      3.16%     12.65% |        2730      3.24%     15.89% |        2708      3.22%     19.10% |        2697      3.20%     22.31% |        2604      3.09%     25.40% |        2689      3.19%     28.59% |        2643      3.14%     31.73% |        2706      3.21%     34.94% |        2593      3.08%     38.02% |        2653      3.15%     41.17% |        2634      3.13%     44.30% |        2690      3.19%     47.50% |        2585      3.07%     50.57% |        2636      3.13%     53.70% |        2621      3.11%     56.81% |        2662      3.16%     59.97% |        2573      3.06%     63.03% |        2604      3.09%     66.12% |        2591      3.08%     69.19% |        2610      3.10%     72.29% |        2606      3.09%     75.39% |        2596      3.08%     78.47% |        2563      3.04%     81.52% |        2614      3.10%     84.62% |        2578      3.06%     87.68% |        2614      3.10%     90.79% |        2558      3.04%     93.82% |        2616      3.11%     96.93% |        2585      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        84207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         901      3.09%      3.09% |         956      3.28%      6.37% |         932      3.20%      9.56% |         912      3.13%     12.69% |         902      3.09%     15.78% |         925      3.17%     18.95% |         935      3.21%     22.16% |         920      3.15%     25.31% |         904      3.10%     28.41% |         904      3.10%     31.51% |         922      3.16%     34.68% |         917      3.14%     37.82% |         921      3.16%     40.98% |         890      3.05%     44.03% |         886      3.04%     47.07% |         944      3.24%     50.30% |         928      3.18%     53.49% |         919      3.15%     56.64% |         887      3.04%     59.68% |         908      3.11%     62.79% |         917      3.14%     65.94% |         912      3.13%     69.06% |         883      3.03%     72.09% |         868      2.98%     75.07% |         934      3.20%     78.27% |         914      3.13%     81.40% |         903      3.10%     84.50% |         867      2.97%     87.47% |         939      3.22%     90.69% |         932      3.20%     93.89% |         915      3.14%     97.02% |         868      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        29165                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6271      3.19%      3.19% |        6096      3.10%      6.29% |        6077      3.09%      9.38% |        6041      3.07%     12.45% |        6317      3.21%     15.67% |        6091      3.10%     18.76% |        6125      3.12%     21.88% |        6056      3.08%     24.96% |        6251      3.18%     28.14% |        6171      3.14%     31.28% |        6164      3.13%     34.41% |        6074      3.09%     37.50% |        6191      3.15%     40.65% |        6146      3.13%     43.77% |        6175      3.14%     46.91% |        6113      3.11%     50.02% |        6179      3.14%     53.17% |        6080      3.09%     56.26% |        6211      3.16%     59.42% |        6107      3.11%     62.52% |        6216      3.16%     65.68% |        6057      3.08%     68.76% |        6179      3.14%     71.91% |        6135      3.12%     75.03% |        6242      3.17%     78.20% |        6035      3.07%     81.27% |        6080      3.09%     84.36% |        6166      3.14%     87.50% |        6247      3.18%     90.68% |        6085      3.09%     93.77% |        6113      3.11%     96.88% |        6136      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       196627                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.26%      3.26% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.25% |         430      3.01%     12.26% |         442      3.09%     15.35% |         440      3.08%     18.43% |         438      3.06%     21.49% |         442      3.09%     24.58% |         446      3.12%     27.69% |         454      3.17%     30.87% |         449      3.14%     34.01% |         455      3.18%     37.19% |         473      3.31%     40.49% |         473      3.31%     43.80% |         476      3.33%     47.13% |         464      3.24%     50.37% |         467      3.26%     53.63% |         454      3.17%     56.81% |         449      3.14%     59.95% |         425      2.97%     62.92% |         419      2.93%     65.85% |         440      3.08%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.16% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.77% |         438      3.06%     90.83% |         437      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.01% |         428      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14306                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29085     21.42%     21.42% |        4168      3.07%     24.49% |        3101      2.28%     26.77% |        3924      2.89%     29.66% |        3257      2.40%     32.06% |        2999      2.21%     34.27% |        2773      2.04%     36.31% |        2791      2.06%     38.36% |        2838      2.09%     40.45% |        3389      2.50%     42.95% |        5150      3.79%     46.74% |        4978      3.67%     50.41% |        3630      2.67%     53.08% |        3330      2.45%     55.53% |        2529      1.86%     57.39% |        2876      2.12%     59.51% |        3702      2.73%     62.24% |        3291      2.42%     64.66% |        3447      2.54%     67.20% |        3407      2.51%     69.71% |        3256      2.40%     72.10% |        4630      3.41%     75.51% |        3101      2.28%     77.80% |        2869      2.11%     79.91% |        3029      2.23%     82.14% |        3538      2.61%     84.75% |        3086      2.27%     87.02% |        2697      1.99%     89.00% |        3022      2.23%     91.23% |        2776      2.04%     93.27% |        3322      2.45%     95.72% |        5813      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3503      6.31%      6.31% |        1857      3.34%      9.65% |        1544      2.78%     12.43% |        1725      3.11%     15.53% |        1643      2.96%     18.49% |        1535      2.76%     21.25% |        1376      2.48%     23.73% |        1416      2.55%     26.28% |        1553      2.80%     29.08% |        1527      2.75%     31.82% |        1513      2.72%     34.55% |        2034      3.66%     38.21% |        1459      2.63%     40.84% |        1373      2.47%     43.31% |        1353      2.44%     45.74% |        1442      2.60%     48.34% |        1527      2.75%     51.09% |        1479      2.66%     53.75% |        1656      2.98%     56.73% |        1728      3.11%     59.84% |        1538      2.77%     62.61% |        2583      4.65%     67.26% |        1603      2.89%     70.15% |        1569      2.82%     72.97% |        1819      3.27%     76.25% |        1679      3.02%     79.27% |        1704      3.07%     82.34% |        2081      3.75%     86.08% |        1622      2.92%     89.00% |        1704      3.07%     92.07% |        2275      4.10%     96.16% |        2131      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55551                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8033      3.67%      3.67% |        6804      3.10%      6.77% |        6827      3.12%      9.89% |        6803      3.10%     12.99% |        6791      3.10%     16.09% |        6793      3.10%     19.19% |        6790      3.10%     22.29% |        6796      3.10%     25.39% |        6816      3.11%     28.50% |        6824      3.11%     31.61% |        6834      3.12%     34.73% |        6826      3.11%     37.85% |        6814      3.11%     40.96% |        6844      3.12%     44.08% |        6810      3.11%     47.19% |        6811      3.11%     50.29% |        6846      3.12%     53.42% |        6826      3.11%     56.53% |        6827      3.12%     59.65% |        6829      3.12%     62.77% |        6815      3.11%     65.87% |        6846      3.12%     69.00% |        6819      3.11%     72.11% |        6782      3.09%     75.21% |        6799      3.10%     78.31% |        6805      3.11%     81.41% |        6788      3.10%     84.51% |        6791      3.10%     87.61% |        6784      3.10%     90.71% |        6777      3.09%     93.80% |        6789      3.10%     96.90% |        6802      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1315      3.45%      3.45% |        1244      3.27%      6.72% |        1281      3.36%     10.09% |        1222      3.21%     13.30% |        1210      3.18%     16.47% |        1200      3.15%     19.63% |        1206      3.17%     22.79% |        1189      3.12%     25.92% |        1198      3.15%     29.06% |        1228      3.23%     32.29% |        1216      3.19%     35.48% |        1167      3.07%     38.55% |        1194      3.14%     41.69% |        1187      3.12%     44.80% |        1199      3.15%     47.95% |        1157      3.04%     50.99% |        1169      3.07%     54.06% |        1165      3.06%     57.12% |        1161      3.05%     60.17% |        1169      3.07%     63.24% |        1178      3.09%     66.34% |        1164      3.06%     69.39% |        1167      3.07%     72.46% |        1157      3.04%     75.50% |        1172      3.08%     78.58% |        1190      3.13%     81.70% |        1171      3.08%     84.78% |        1155      3.03%     87.81% |        1183      3.11%     90.92% |        1162      3.05%     93.97% |        1147      3.01%     96.98% |        1148      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38071                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7164      3.18%      3.18% |        7053      3.13%      6.31% |        7009      3.11%      9.41% |        6946      3.08%     12.49% |        7206      3.20%     15.69% |        7012      3.11%     18.80% |        7062      3.13%     21.93% |        6974      3.09%     25.03% |        7146      3.17%     28.19% |        7050      3.13%     31.32% |        7090      3.14%     34.47% |        6993      3.10%     37.57% |        7087      3.14%     40.71% |        7024      3.12%     43.83% |        7057      3.13%     46.96% |        7043      3.12%     50.08% |        7100      3.15%     53.23% |        6979      3.10%     56.32% |        7063      3.13%     59.46% |        7007      3.11%     62.56% |        7124      3.16%     65.72% |        6937      3.08%     68.80% |        7049      3.13%     71.93% |        6989      3.10%     75.03% |        7163      3.18%     78.20% |        6942      3.08%     81.28% |        6965      3.09%     84.37% |        7020      3.11%     87.48% |        7185      3.19%     90.67% |        7022      3.11%     93.79% |        7015      3.11%     96.90% |        6997      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       225473                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8167      3.19%      3.19% |        7926      3.10%      6.29% |        7942      3.10%      9.40% |        8000      3.13%     12.52% |        8148      3.19%     15.71% |        7937      3.10%     18.81% |        7905      3.09%     21.90% |        7998      3.13%     25.03% |        8166      3.19%     28.22% |        7914      3.09%     31.32% |        7884      3.08%     34.40% |        7940      3.10%     37.50% |        8172      3.19%     40.70% |        7965      3.11%     43.81% |        7873      3.08%     46.89% |        7891      3.09%     49.98% |        8180      3.20%     53.17% |        7958      3.11%     56.28% |        7898      3.09%     59.37% |        7915      3.09%     62.47% |        8136      3.18%     65.65% |        7995      3.13%     68.77% |        7948      3.11%     71.88% |        7915      3.09%     74.97% |        8115      3.17%     78.15% |        7978      3.12%     81.27% |        7945      3.11%     84.37% |        7958      3.11%     87.48% |        8138      3.18%     90.67% |        7938      3.10%     93.77% |        7942      3.10%     96.87% |        7996      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       255783                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42859      8.97%      8.97% |       14996      3.14%     12.11% |       13667      2.86%     14.97% |       14590      3.05%     18.02% |       13816      2.89%     20.91% |       13443      2.81%     23.73% |       13063      2.73%     26.46% |       13106      2.74%     29.20% |       13317      2.79%     31.99% |       13879      2.90%     34.89% |       15625      3.27%     38.16% |       15919      3.33%     41.49% |       14014      2.93%     44.43% |       13646      2.86%     47.28% |       12807      2.68%     49.96% |       13199      2.76%     52.73% |       14157      2.96%     55.69% |       13674      2.86%     58.55% |       14018      2.93%     61.48% |       14047      2.94%     64.42% |       13697      2.87%     67.29% |       16131      3.38%     70.67% |       13605      2.85%     73.51% |       13293      2.78%     76.29% |       13740      2.88%     79.17% |       14129      2.96%     82.13% |       13667      2.86%     84.99% |       13635      2.85%     87.84% |       13524      2.83%     90.67% |       13333      2.79%     93.46% |       14446      3.02%     96.48% |       16803      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       477845                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           2     12.50%     50.00% |           2     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     12.50%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      4.59%      4.59% |           7      6.42%     11.01% |           6      5.50%     16.51% |           3      2.75%     19.27% |           2      1.83%     21.10% |           5      4.59%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           3      2.75%     28.44% |           5      4.59%     33.03% |           3      2.75%     35.78% |           5      4.59%     40.37% |           3      2.75%     43.12% |           1      0.92%     44.04% |           3      2.75%     46.79% |           1      0.92%     47.71% |           2      1.83%     49.54% |           1      0.92%     50.46% |           3      2.75%     53.21% |           3      2.75%     55.96% |           5      4.59%     60.55% |           7      6.42%     66.97% |           4      3.67%     70.64% |           2      1.83%     72.48% |           4      3.67%     76.15% |           3      2.75%     78.90% |           4      3.67%     82.57% |           3      2.75%     85.32% |           5      4.59%     89.91% |           3      2.75%     92.66% |           3      2.75%     95.41% |           5      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          34      4.40%      4.40% |          21      2.72%      7.12% |          24      3.10%     10.22% |          22      2.85%     13.07% |          23      2.98%     16.04% |          27      3.49%     19.53% |          26      3.36%     22.90% |          23      2.98%     25.87% |          26      3.36%     29.24% |          21      2.72%     31.95% |          24      3.10%     35.06% |          21      2.72%     37.77% |          23      2.98%     40.75% |          24      3.10%     43.86% |          24      3.10%     46.96% |          23      2.98%     49.94% |          22      2.85%     52.78% |          23      2.98%     55.76% |          22      2.85%     58.60% |          27      3.49%     62.10% |          28      3.62%     65.72% |          35      4.53%     70.25% |          25      3.23%     73.48% |          26      3.36%     76.84% |          20      2.59%     79.43% |          21      2.72%     82.15% |          21      2.72%     84.86% |          24      3.10%     87.97% |          20      2.59%     90.56% |          23      2.98%     93.53% |          26      3.36%     96.90% |          24      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          773                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           2     28.57%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9947      3.64%      3.64% |        8537      3.12%      6.76% |        8597      3.15%      9.91% |        8505      3.11%     13.02% |        8492      3.11%     16.13% |        8492      3.11%     19.24% |        8487      3.11%     22.34% |        8477      3.10%     25.44% |        8514      3.12%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8567      3.13%     34.82% |        8498      3.11%     37.93% |        8532      3.12%     41.06% |        8554      3.13%     44.19% |        8538      3.12%     47.31% |        8481      3.10%     50.41% |        8531      3.12%     53.53% |        8494      3.11%     56.64% |        8487      3.11%     59.75% |        8478      3.10%     62.85% |        8470      3.10%     65.95% |        8518      3.12%     69.07% |        8470      3.10%     72.17% |        8420      3.08%     75.25% |        8479      3.10%     78.35% |        8507      3.11%     81.46% |        8481      3.10%     84.56% |        8435      3.09%     87.65% |        8454      3.09%     90.74% |        8427      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.91% |        8432      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273297                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     48.33%     48.33% |           5      4.17%     52.50% |           4      3.33%     55.83% |           3      2.50%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           3      2.50%     60.83% |           2      1.67%     62.50% |           3      2.50%     65.00% |           2      1.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      0.83%     67.50% |           0      0.00%     67.50% |           1      0.83%     68.33% |           1      0.83%     69.17% |           2      1.67%     70.83% |           1      0.83%     71.67% |           3      2.50%     74.17% |           3      2.50%     76.67% |           3      2.50%     79.17% |           1      0.83%     80.00% |           3      2.50%     82.50% |           2      1.67%     84.17% |           3      2.50%     86.67% |           3      2.50%     89.17% |           5      4.17%     93.33% |           3      2.50%     95.83% |           3      2.50%     98.33% |           2      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           5     11.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           3      6.67%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           4      8.89%     82.22% |           1      2.22%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           6     85.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.00%      2.00% |           2      1.00%      3.00% |           7      3.50%      6.50% |           6      3.00%      9.50% |           7      3.50%     13.00% |           4      2.00%     15.00% |           5      2.50%     17.50% |           7      3.50%     21.00% |           8      4.00%     25.00% |           5      2.50%     27.50% |           5      2.50%     30.00% |           3      1.50%     31.50% |           6      3.00%     34.50% |           4      2.00%     36.50% |           5      2.50%     39.00% |           5      2.50%     41.50% |           5      2.50%     44.00% |           6      3.00%     47.00% |           5      2.50%     49.50% |           9      4.50%     54.00% |           9      4.50%     58.50% |          10      5.00%     63.50% |           8      4.00%     67.50% |          10      5.00%     72.50% |           7      3.50%     76.00% |           7      3.50%     79.50% |           7      3.50%     83.00% |           8      4.00%     87.00% |           8      4.00%     91.00% |           6      3.00%     94.00% |          10      5.00%     99.00% |           2      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          200                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          30      5.24%      5.24% |          19      3.32%      8.55% |          17      2.97%     11.52% |          16      2.79%     14.31% |          16      2.79%     17.10% |          23      4.01%     21.12% |          21      3.66%     24.78% |          16      2.79%     27.57% |          18      3.14%     30.72% |          16      2.79%     33.51% |          19      3.32%     36.82% |          18      3.14%     39.97% |          17      2.97%     42.93% |          20      3.49%     46.42% |          19      3.32%     49.74% |          18      3.14%     52.88% |          17      2.97%     55.85% |          17      2.97%     58.81% |          17      2.97%     61.78% |          18      3.14%     64.92% |          19      3.32%     68.24% |          25      4.36%     72.60% |          17      2.97%     75.57% |          16      2.79%     78.36% |          13      2.27%     80.63% |          14      2.44%     83.07% |          14      2.44%     85.51% |          16      2.79%     88.31% |          12      2.09%     90.40% |          17      2.97%     93.37% |          16      2.79%     96.16% |          22      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          573                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         402      3.17%      3.17% |         394      3.11%      6.28% |         345      2.72%      9.00% |         408      3.22%     12.21% |         406      3.20%     15.41% |         407      3.21%     18.62% |         404      3.19%     21.81% |         402      3.17%     24.98% |         401      3.16%     28.14% |         403      3.18%     31.32% |         300      2.37%     33.68% |         405      3.19%     36.87% |         406      3.20%     40.07% |         405      3.19%     43.27% |         407      3.21%     46.48% |         410      3.23%     49.71% |         401      3.16%     52.87% |         409      3.22%     56.09% |         403      3.18%     59.27% |         398      3.14%     62.41% |         400      3.15%     65.56% |         399      3.15%     68.71% |         397      3.13%     71.84% |         396      3.12%     74.96% |         396      3.12%     78.08% |         394      3.11%     81.19% |         401      3.16%     84.35% |         398      3.14%     87.49% |         398      3.14%     90.63% |         399      3.15%     93.77% |         397      3.13%     96.90% |         393      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        12684                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.26%      3.26% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.25% |         430      3.01%     12.26% |         442      3.09%     15.35% |         440      3.08%     18.43% |         438      3.06%     21.49% |         442      3.09%     24.58% |         446      3.12%     27.69% |         454      3.17%     30.87% |         449      3.14%     34.01% |         455      3.18%     37.19% |         473      3.31%     40.49% |         473      3.31%     43.80% |         476      3.33%     47.13% |         464      3.24%     50.37% |         467      3.26%     53.63% |         454      3.17%     56.81% |         449      3.14%     59.95% |         425      2.97%     62.92% |         419      2.93%     65.85% |         440      3.08%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.16% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.77% |         438      3.06%     90.83% |         437      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.01% |         428      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14306                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     32.65%     32.65% |           1      0.51%     33.16% |           0      0.00%     33.16% |           0      0.00%     33.16% |           2      1.02%     34.18% |           3      1.53%     35.71% |           1      0.51%     36.22% |           2      1.02%     37.24% |         107     54.59%     91.84% |           1      0.51%     92.35% |           2      1.02%     93.37% |           2      1.02%     94.39% |           2      1.02%     95.41% |           2      1.02%     96.43% |           2      1.02%     97.45% |           1      0.51%     97.96% |           1      0.51%     98.47% |           1      0.51%     98.98% |           1      0.51%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           1      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          64      2.94%      2.94% |          54      2.48%      5.43% |          55      2.53%      7.95% |          64      2.94%     10.90% |          72      3.31%     14.21% |          61      2.80%     17.01% |          59      2.71%     19.72% |          64      2.94%     22.67% |          69      3.17%     25.84% |          84      3.86%     29.70% |          58      2.67%     32.37% |          58      2.67%     35.03% |          83      3.82%     38.85% |          73      3.36%     42.21% |          62      2.85%     45.06% |          75      3.45%     48.51% |          67      3.08%     51.59% |          79      3.63%     55.22% |          84      3.86%     59.08% |          64      2.94%     62.02% |          67      3.08%     65.10% |          90      4.14%     69.24% |          71      3.26%     72.51% |          72      3.31%     75.82% |          70      3.22%     79.03% |          65      2.99%     82.02% |          75      3.45%     85.47% |          71      3.26%     88.74% |          56      2.57%     91.31% |          53      2.44%     93.75% |          71      3.26%     97.01% |          65      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         2175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5223      4.16%      4.16% |        3964      3.16%      7.31% |        4013      3.19%     10.51% |        3917      3.12%     13.62% |        3901      3.11%     16.73% |        3903      3.11%     19.84% |        3913      3.11%     22.95% |        3897      3.10%     26.05% |        3903      3.11%     29.16% |        3916      3.12%     32.28% |        3959      3.15%     35.43% |        3872      3.08%     38.51% |        3868      3.08%     41.59% |        3900      3.10%     44.69% |        3904      3.11%     47.80% |        3857      3.07%     50.87% |        3897      3.10%     53.97% |        3857      3.07%     57.04% |        3856      3.07%     60.11% |        3884      3.09%     63.20% |        3882      3.09%     66.29% |        3862      3.07%     69.37% |        3880      3.09%     72.45% |        3833      3.05%     75.51% |        3860      3.07%     78.58% |        3880      3.09%     81.67% |        3835      3.05%     84.72% |        3826      3.05%     87.76% |        3861      3.07%     90.84% |        3842      3.06%     93.90% |        3814      3.04%     96.93% |        3856      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       125635                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |           1      4.00%      8.00% |           0      0.00%      8.00% |           0      0.00%      8.00% |           1      4.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           2      8.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      4.00%     24.00% |           0      0.00%     24.00% |           1      4.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           1      4.00%     32.00% |           1      4.00%     36.00% |           1      4.00%     40.00% |           2      8.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           0      0.00%     52.00% |           2      8.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           3     12.00%     72.00% |           2      8.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      4.00%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           1      4.00%     88.00% |           2      8.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         474      3.22%      3.22% |         428      2.91%      6.13% |         434      2.95%      9.08% |         437      2.97%     12.05% |         456      3.10%     15.15% |         443      3.01%     18.16% |         439      2.98%     21.14% |         449      3.05%     24.19% |         458      3.11%     27.31% |         485      3.30%     30.60% |         464      3.15%     33.75% |         456      3.10%     36.85% |         500      3.40%     40.25% |         491      3.34%     43.59% |         482      3.28%     46.86% |         484      3.29%     50.15% |         480      3.26%     53.41% |         479      3.26%     56.67% |         475      3.23%     59.90% |         436      2.96%     62.86% |         431      2.93%     65.79% |         479      3.26%     69.05% |         444      3.02%     72.06% |         444      3.02%     75.08% |         469      3.19%     78.27% |         471      3.20%     81.47% |         489      3.32%     84.79% |         457      3.11%     87.90% |         444      3.02%     90.91% |         435      2.96%     93.87% |         464      3.15%     97.02% |         438      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        14715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5169      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5170      3.12%     18.78% |        5159      3.11%     21.89% |        5155      3.11%     25.00% |        5177      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.25% |        5168      3.12%     34.37% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5187      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5164      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.12%     53.13% |        5182      3.13%     56.26% |        5180      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5201      3.14%     68.78% |        5170      3.12%     71.90% |        5167      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.14% |        5180      3.13%     81.26% |        5181      3.13%     84.39% |        5176      3.12%     87.51% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5174      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          38      2.27%      2.27% |          44      2.63%      4.91% |          49      2.93%      7.84% |          49      2.93%     10.77% |          41      2.45%     13.23% |          50      2.99%     16.22% |          48      2.87%     19.09% |          44      2.63%     21.72% |          58      3.47%     25.19% |          49      2.93%     28.13% |          59      3.53%     31.66% |          52      3.11%     34.77% |          54      3.23%     38.00% |          52      3.11%     41.11% |          70      4.19%     45.30% |          54      3.23%     48.53% |          45      2.69%     51.23% |          43      2.57%     53.80% |          51      3.05%     56.85% |          62      3.71%     60.56% |          45      2.69%     63.26% |          54      3.23%     66.49% |          62      3.71%     70.20% |          67      4.01%     74.21% |          46      2.75%     76.96% |          61      3.65%     80.61% |          57      3.41%     84.02% |          65      3.89%     87.91% |          58      3.47%     91.38% |          48      2.87%     94.25% |          54      3.23%     97.49% |          42      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         1671                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |         122      3.23%      3.23% |         106      2.81%      6.04% |         117      3.10%      9.14% |          99      2.62%     11.76% |          91      2.41%     14.18% |         131      3.47%     17.65% |         120      3.18%     20.83% |         114      3.02%     23.85% |         130      3.44%     27.29% |          94      2.49%     29.78% |         104      2.76%     32.54% |         129      3.42%     35.96% |         125      3.31%     39.27% |         129      3.42%     42.69% |         123      3.26%     45.95% |         114      3.02%     48.97% |         110      2.91%     51.88% |         132      3.50%     55.38% |         136      3.60%     58.98% |         134      3.55%     62.53% |         121      3.21%     65.74% |         124      3.29%     69.02% |          96      2.54%     71.57% |         122      3.23%     74.80% |         113      2.99%     77.80% |         110      2.91%     80.71% |         128      3.39%     84.10% |         140      3.71%     87.81% |         118      3.13%     90.94% |         112      2.97%     93.91% |         114      3.02%     96.93% |         116      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3774                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         125      1.99%      1.99% |         167      2.65%      4.64% |         156      2.48%      7.12% |         183      2.91%     10.03% |         191      3.04%     13.06% |         164      2.61%     15.67% |         149      2.37%     18.04% |         190      3.02%     21.06% |         170      2.70%     23.76% |         160      2.54%     26.30% |         190      3.02%     29.32% |         198      3.15%     32.47% |         222      3.53%     36.00% |         208      3.31%     39.30% |         225      3.58%     42.88% |         195      3.10%     45.98% |         200      3.18%     49.16% |         175      2.78%     51.94% |         216      3.43%     55.37% |         239      3.80%     59.17% |         197      3.13%     62.30% |         209      3.32%     65.62% |         235      3.73%     69.36% |         256      4.07%     73.43% |         251      3.99%     77.42% |         233      3.70%     81.12% |         267      4.24%     85.36% |         303      4.82%     90.18% |         141      2.24%     92.42% |         160      2.54%     94.96% |         150      2.38%     97.35% |         167      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         6292                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7172      3.18%      3.18% |        7052      3.12%      6.30% |        7009      3.10%      9.40% |        6953      3.08%     12.48% |        7219      3.20%     15.68% |        7016      3.11%     18.79% |        7060      3.13%     21.91% |        6976      3.09%     25.00% |        7155      3.17%     28.17% |        7075      3.13%     31.31% |        7086      3.14%     34.44% |        6991      3.10%     37.54% |        7112      3.15%     40.69% |        7036      3.12%     43.81% |        7061      3.13%     46.93% |        7057      3.13%     50.06% |        7107      3.15%     53.21% |        6999      3.10%     56.31% |        7098      3.14%     59.45% |        7015      3.11%     62.56% |        7133      3.16%     65.72% |        6969      3.09%     68.80% |        7062      3.13%     71.93% |        7003      3.10%     75.03% |        7176      3.18%     78.21% |        6949      3.08%     81.29% |        6983      3.09%     84.38% |        7033      3.11%     87.50% |        7186      3.18%     90.68% |        7017      3.11%     93.79% |        7028      3.11%     96.90% |        7004      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       225792                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         138      2.95%      2.95% |         118      2.52%      5.46% |         123      2.63%      8.09% |         125      2.67%     10.76% |         143      3.05%     13.81% |         149      3.18%     16.99% |         133      2.84%     19.83% |         138      2.95%     22.77% |         135      2.88%     25.66% |         130      2.77%     28.43% |         144      3.07%     31.50% |         161      3.44%     34.94% |         129      2.75%     37.69% |         150      3.20%     40.90% |         153      3.27%     44.16% |         127      2.71%     46.87% |         158      3.37%     50.25% |         132      2.82%     53.06% |         149      3.18%     56.24% |         160      3.42%     59.66% |         164      3.50%     63.16% |         151      3.22%     66.38% |         166      3.54%     69.93% |         174      3.71%     73.64% |         155      3.31%     76.95% |         168      3.59%     80.53% |         165      3.52%     84.06% |         191      4.08%     88.13% |         129      2.75%     90.89% |         152      3.24%     94.13% |         145      3.09%     97.23% |         130      2.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         4685                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |         112      2.42%      2.42% |         134      2.90%      5.32% |         148      3.20%      8.52% |         119      2.57%     11.10% |         122      2.64%     13.74% |         141      3.05%     16.79% |         140      3.03%     19.82% |         139      3.01%     22.83% |         135      2.92%     25.75% |         120      2.60%     28.34% |         155      3.35%     31.70% |         157      3.40%     35.09% |         152      3.29%     38.38% |         134      2.90%     41.28% |         138      2.99%     44.27% |         164      3.55%     47.81% |         140      3.03%     50.84% |         139      3.01%     53.85% |         152      3.29%     57.14% |         185      4.00%     61.14% |         168      3.63%     64.78% |         148      3.20%     67.98% |         142      3.07%     71.05% |         166      3.59%     74.64% |         198      4.28%     78.93% |         181      3.92%     82.84% |         168      3.63%     86.48% |         161      3.48%     89.96% |         109      2.36%     92.32% |         122      2.64%     94.96% |         121      2.62%     97.58% |         112      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         4622                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     13.33%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           1      6.67%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      6.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           1      6.67%     33.33% |           2     13.33%     46.67% |           2     13.33%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      6.67%     66.67% |           1      6.67%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           2     13.33%     86.67% |           1      6.67%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51252      6.94%      6.94% |       23084      3.13%     10.07% |       21774      2.95%     13.01% |       22741      3.08%     16.09% |       22108      2.99%     19.09% |       21544      2.92%     22.00% |       21126      2.86%     24.87% |       21257      2.88%     27.74% |       21637      2.93%     30.67% |       21928      2.97%     33.64% |       23674      3.21%     36.85% |       24018      3.25%     40.10% |       22317      3.02%     43.12% |       21755      2.95%     46.07% |       20835      2.82%     48.89% |       21230      2.87%     51.77% |       22484      3.04%     54.81% |       21767      2.95%     57.76% |       22037      2.98%     60.74% |       22116      2.99%     63.74% |       21993      2.98%     66.71% |       24271      3.29%     70.00% |       21702      2.94%     72.94% |       21353      2.89%     75.83% |       21997      2.98%     78.81% |       22255      3.01%     81.82% |       21751      2.95%     84.77% |       21738      2.94%     87.71% |       21816      2.95%     90.67% |       21434      2.90%     93.57% |       22536      3.05%     96.62% |       24958      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       738488                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          58      2.10%      2.10% |          75      2.71%      4.81% |          55      1.99%      6.80% |          73      2.64%      9.44% |          64      2.31%     11.75% |          74      2.68%     14.43% |          81      2.93%     17.36% |          66      2.39%     19.75% |          89      3.22%     22.97% |          67      2.42%     25.39% |          84      3.04%     28.43% |          91      3.29%     31.72% |          85      3.07%     34.79% |         107      3.87%     38.66% |          95      3.44%     42.10% |          86      3.11%     45.21% |          82      2.97%     48.17% |          86      3.11%     51.28% |         100      3.62%     54.90% |         111      4.01%     58.92% |          83      3.00%     61.92% |          84      3.04%     64.95% |         105      3.80%     68.75% |         121      4.38%     73.13% |         117      4.23%     77.36% |          89      3.22%     80.58% |         109      3.94%     84.52% |         127      4.59%     89.11% |          65      2.35%     91.46% |          84      3.04%     94.50% |          63      2.28%     96.78% |          89      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         2765                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          32      2.20%      2.20% |          39      2.68%      4.88% |          36      2.47%      7.35% |          37      2.54%      9.90% |          36      2.47%     12.37% |          41      2.82%     15.19% |          40      2.75%     17.94% |          45      3.09%     21.03% |          38      2.61%     23.64% |          51      3.51%     27.15% |          44      3.02%     30.17% |          45      3.09%     33.26% |          40      2.75%     36.01% |          45      3.09%     39.11% |          44      3.02%     42.13% |          55      3.78%     45.91% |          44      3.02%     48.93% |          48      3.30%     52.23% |          58      3.99%     56.22% |          48      3.30%     59.52% |          48      3.30%     62.82% |          45      3.09%     65.91% |          56      3.85%     69.76% |          66      4.54%     74.30% |          58      3.99%     78.28% |          47      3.23%     81.51% |          51      3.51%     85.02% |          67      4.60%     89.62% |          36      2.47%     92.10% |          37      2.54%     94.64% |          37      2.54%     97.18% |          41      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1455                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |           7      3.78%      3.78% |           4      2.16%      5.95% |           5      2.70%      8.65% |           4      2.16%     10.81% |           5      2.70%     13.51% |           7      3.78%     17.30% |           7      3.78%     21.08% |           3      1.62%     22.70% |           6      3.24%     25.95% |           1      0.54%     26.49% |           7      3.78%     30.27% |           7      3.78%     34.05% |           4      2.16%     36.22% |          10      5.41%     41.62% |           7      3.78%     45.41% |           9      4.86%     50.27% |           4      2.16%     52.43% |           4      2.16%     54.59% |           7      3.78%     58.38% |           4      2.16%     60.54% |           4      2.16%     62.70% |           1      0.54%     63.24% |          10      5.41%     68.65% |          10      5.41%     74.05% |           4      2.16%     76.22% |          11      5.95%     82.16% |           5      2.70%     84.86% |           8      4.32%     89.19% |           5      2.70%     91.89% |           3      1.62%     93.51% |           4      2.16%     95.68% |           8      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          185                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6441      3.25%      3.25% |        6282      3.17%      6.43% |        6147      3.11%      9.53% |        6098      3.08%     12.61% |        6436      3.25%     15.86% |        6138      3.10%     18.96% |        6229      3.15%     22.11% |        6018      3.04%     25.15% |        6201      3.13%     28.28% |        6185      3.12%     31.41% |        6218      3.14%     34.55% |        6122      3.09%     37.64% |        6265      3.16%     40.81% |        6133      3.10%     43.90% |        6212      3.14%     47.04% |        6268      3.17%     50.21% |        6282      3.17%     53.38% |        6061      3.06%     56.44% |        6165      3.11%     59.56% |        6124      3.09%     62.65% |        6174      3.12%     65.77% |        6112      3.09%     68.86% |        6232      3.15%     72.01% |        6160      3.11%     75.12% |        6245      3.15%     78.27% |        6128      3.10%     81.37% |        6084      3.07%     84.44% |        6100      3.08%     87.52% |        6351      3.21%     90.73% |        6073      3.07%     93.80% |        6226      3.15%     96.94% |        6051      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       197961                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         686      3.21%      3.21% |         696      3.26%      6.47% |         668      3.13%      9.60% |         658      3.08%     12.68% |         678      3.17%     15.85% |         672      3.15%     19.00% |         683      3.20%     22.20% |         662      3.10%     25.30% |         664      3.11%     28.40% |         659      3.09%     31.49% |         675      3.16%     34.65% |         674      3.16%     37.81% |         655      3.07%     40.87% |         652      3.05%     43.93% |         671      3.14%     47.07% |         669      3.13%     50.20% |         667      3.12%     53.32% |         649      3.04%     56.36% |         657      3.08%     59.44% |         673      3.15%     62.59% |         666      3.12%     65.71% |         647      3.03%     68.73% |         668      3.13%     71.86% |         661      3.09%     74.96% |         671      3.14%     78.10% |         662      3.10%     81.20% |         656      3.07%     84.27% |         670      3.14%     87.41% |         686      3.21%     90.62% |         686      3.21%     93.83% |         667      3.12%     96.95% |         651      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        21359                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          37      0.60%      0.60% |          75      1.22%      1.82% |         194      3.15%      4.97% |         190      3.09%      8.06% |          92      1.50%      9.56% |         202      3.28%     12.84% |         150      2.44%     15.28% |         294      4.78%     20.06% |         281      4.57%     24.62% |         206      3.35%     27.97% |         197      3.20%     31.17% |         197      3.20%     34.37% |         167      2.71%     37.09% |         239      3.88%     40.97% |         174      2.83%     43.80% |         106      1.72%     45.52% |         151      2.45%     47.98% |         269      4.37%     52.35% |         241      3.92%     56.27% |         210      3.41%     59.68% |         284      4.62%     64.29% |         178      2.89%     67.19% |         149      2.42%     69.61% |         168      2.73%     72.34% |         247      4.01%     76.35% |         152      2.47%     78.82% |         225      3.66%     82.48% |         250      4.06%     86.54% |         148      2.41%     88.95% |         263      4.27%     93.22% |         122      1.98%     95.21% |         295      4.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         6153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          34      0.59%      0.59% |          72      1.26%      1.85% |         174      3.04%      4.89% |         172      3.00%      7.89% |          85      1.48%      9.37% |         189      3.30%     12.67% |         140      2.44%     15.12% |         273      4.77%     19.88% |         267      4.66%     24.54% |         194      3.39%     27.93% |         179      3.12%     31.05% |         182      3.18%     34.23% |         157      2.74%     36.97% |         218      3.81%     40.78% |         164      2.86%     43.64% |          94      1.64%     45.28% |         139      2.43%     47.70% |         254      4.43%     52.14% |         226      3.94%     56.08% |         195      3.40%     59.49% |         258      4.50%     63.99% |         168      2.93%     66.92% |         143      2.50%     69.42% |         156      2.72%     72.14% |         234      4.08%     76.23% |         137      2.39%     78.62% |         216      3.77%     82.39% |         236      4.12%     86.51% |         137      2.39%     88.90% |         249      4.35%     93.24% |         115      2.01%     95.25% |         272      4.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         5729                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           3      0.71%      0.71% |           3      0.71%      1.42% |          20      4.72%      6.13% |          18      4.25%     10.38% |           7      1.65%     12.03% |          13      3.07%     15.09% |          10      2.36%     17.45% |          21      4.95%     22.41% |          14      3.30%     25.71% |          12      2.83%     28.54% |          18      4.25%     32.78% |          15      3.54%     36.32% |          10      2.36%     38.68% |          21      4.95%     43.63% |          10      2.36%     45.99% |          12      2.83%     48.82% |          12      2.83%     51.65% |          15      3.54%     55.19% |          15      3.54%     58.73% |          15      3.54%     62.26% |          26      6.13%     68.40% |          10      2.36%     70.75% |           6      1.42%     72.17% |          12      2.83%     75.00% |          13      3.07%     78.07% |          15      3.54%     81.60% |           9      2.12%     83.73% |          14      3.30%     87.03% |          11      2.59%     89.62% |          14      3.30%     92.92% |           7      1.65%     94.58% |          23      5.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          424                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          29      3.06%      3.06% |          26      2.74%      5.80% |          33      3.48%      9.27% |          24      2.53%     11.80% |          30      3.16%     14.96% |          25      2.63%     17.60% |          26      2.74%     20.34% |          31      3.27%     23.60% |          31      3.27%     26.87% |          34      3.58%     30.45% |          30      3.16%     33.61% |          26      2.74%     36.35% |          25      2.63%     38.99% |          23      2.42%     41.41% |          36      3.79%     45.21% |          29      3.06%     48.26% |          30      3.16%     51.42% |          27      2.85%     54.27% |          36      3.79%     58.06% |          25      2.63%     60.70% |          29      3.06%     63.75% |          21      2.21%     65.96% |          33      3.48%     69.44% |          36      3.79%     73.23% |          28      2.95%     76.19% |          26      2.74%     78.93% |          34      3.58%     82.51% |          37      3.90%     86.41% |          42      4.43%     90.83% |          30      3.16%     93.99% |          27      2.85%     96.84% |          30      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total          949                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          18      4.17%      4.17% |          11      2.55%      6.71% |          15      3.47%     10.19% |          15      3.47%     13.66% |          14      3.24%     16.90% |          17      3.94%     20.83% |          17      3.94%     24.77% |          12      2.78%     27.55% |          11      2.55%     30.09% |          12      2.78%     32.87% |           8      1.85%     34.72% |          16      3.70%     38.43% |          10      2.31%     40.74% |          16      3.70%     44.44% |           9      2.08%     46.53% |          17      3.94%     50.46% |          13      3.01%     53.47% |          23      5.32%     58.80% |           6      1.39%     60.19% |          17      3.94%     64.12% |          13      3.01%     67.13% |          10      2.31%     69.44% |           9      2.08%     71.53% |          18      4.17%     75.69% |          10      2.31%     78.01% |          19      4.40%     82.41% |          15      3.47%     85.88% |          11      2.55%     88.43% |          16      3.70%     92.13% |          12      2.78%     94.91% |           8      1.85%     96.76% |          14      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          432                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |          10      4.08%      4.08% |          12      4.90%      8.98% |           6      2.45%     11.43% |          10      4.08%     15.51% |           7      2.86%     18.37% |          13      5.31%     23.67% |           8      3.27%     26.94% |           6      2.45%     29.39% |           7      2.86%     32.24% |           7      2.86%     35.10% |           8      3.27%     38.37% |           7      2.86%     41.22% |           9      3.67%     44.90% |           7      2.86%     47.76% |           9      3.67%     51.43% |           6      2.45%     53.88% |           5      2.04%     55.92% |           7      2.86%     58.78% |          10      4.08%     62.86% |          11      4.49%     67.35% |           7      2.86%     70.20% |           6      2.45%     72.65% |           6      2.45%     75.10% |           3      1.22%     76.33% |          13      5.31%     81.63% |           9      3.67%     85.31% |           8      3.27%     88.57% |           8      3.27%     91.84% |           4      1.63%     93.47% |           8      3.27%     96.73% |           3      1.22%     97.96% |           5      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          245                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7127      3.25%      3.25% |        6978      3.18%      6.43% |        6815      3.11%      9.54% |        6756      3.08%     12.62% |        7114      3.24%     15.86% |        6810      3.11%     18.97% |        6912      3.15%     22.12% |        6680      3.05%     25.17% |        6865      3.13%     28.30% |        6844      3.12%     31.42% |        6893      3.14%     34.56% |        6796      3.10%     37.66% |        6920      3.16%     40.81% |        6785      3.09%     43.91% |        6883      3.14%     47.04% |        6937      3.16%     50.21% |        6949      3.17%     53.38% |        6710      3.06%     56.44% |        6822      3.11%     59.55% |        6797      3.10%     62.64% |        6840      3.12%     65.76% |        6759      3.08%     68.85% |        6900      3.15%     71.99% |        6821      3.11%     75.10% |        6916      3.15%     78.26% |        6790      3.10%     81.35% |        6740      3.07%     84.42% |        6770      3.09%     87.51% |        7037      3.21%     90.72% |        6759      3.08%     93.80% |        6893      3.14%     96.94% |        6702      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       219320                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      808072     21.78%     21.78% |     1854990     50.00%     71.78% |      137864      3.72%     75.50% |      142223      3.83%     79.33% |      120877      3.26%     82.59% |      137460      3.71%     86.29% |      120447      3.25%     89.54% |      141605      3.82%     93.36% |      119559      3.22%     96.58% |      126883      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      3709980                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      808072     21.78%     21.78% |     1854990     50.00%     71.78% |      137864      3.72%     75.50% |      142223      3.83%     79.33% |      120877      3.26%     82.59% |      137460      3.71%     86.29% |      120447      3.25%     89.54% |      141605      3.82%     93.36% |      119559      3.22%     96.58% |      126883      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      3709980                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      808072     21.78%     21.78% |     1854990     50.00%     71.78% |      137864      3.72%     75.50% |      142223      3.83%     79.33% |      120877      3.26%     82.59% |      137460      3.71%     86.29% |      120447      3.25%     89.54% |      141605      3.82%     93.36% |      119559      3.22%     96.58% |      126883      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      3709980                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      808072     21.78%     21.78% |     1854990     50.00%     71.78% |      137864      3.72%     75.50% |      142223      3.83%     79.33% |      120877      3.26%     82.59% |      137460      3.71%     86.29% |      120447      3.25%     89.54% |      141605      3.82%     93.36% |      119559      3.22%     96.58% |      126883      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      3709980                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
