
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.124106                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                124106322500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5300274401000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  95244                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   154936                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               97984819                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4815072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1266.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   120635130                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     196239871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14071424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14071424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4014080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4014080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    113382008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            113382008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     32343880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            32343880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    145725888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           145725888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219866                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62720                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219866                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14069312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4013824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14071424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4014080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    33                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            14092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 124105831000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219866                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 218756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                     39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        63617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   284.246035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.980249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   277.166854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17819     28.01%     28.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16896     26.56%     54.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16414     25.80%     80.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2555      4.02%     84.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1821      2.86%     87.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1250      1.96%     89.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1068      1.68%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          893      1.40%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4901      7.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        63617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.406765                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    85.518321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12199     97.55%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           63      0.50%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           50      0.40%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           29      0.23%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639          151      1.21%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.014873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.012321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.196579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          12381     99.00%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            112      0.90%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-9              8      0.06%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            3      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-13            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::14-15            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1489828750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             5611697500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1099165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     6777.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               25527.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      113.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       32.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   113.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    32.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  177047                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  41883                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                80.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               66.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    439178.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   77.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   14841753000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4144140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   105119419500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              246335040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              234609480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              134409000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              128011125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             864754800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             849911400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205973280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200426400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8105937840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8105937840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        47822059215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        46954884015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        32514004500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        33274684500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          89893473675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          89748464760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          724.332277                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          723.163843                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13889984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13889984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3845760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3845760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       217031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             217031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60090                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60090                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    111920035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            111920035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     30987624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            30987624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    142907659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           142907659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     217031                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60090                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   217031                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60090                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13888128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3845760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13889984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3845760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        1                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 124105572000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               217031                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60090                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 215796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        58521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   303.030228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.171350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   283.721065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13547     23.15%     23.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16285     27.83%     50.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16128     27.56%     78.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2537      4.34%     82.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1780      3.04%     85.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1271      2.17%     88.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1077      1.84%     89.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          901      1.54%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4995      8.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        58521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.036540                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    89.245964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11694     97.56%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           63      0.53%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           33      0.28%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           34      0.28%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639          145      1.21%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            4      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.012931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.010789                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.185625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11872     99.04%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            110      0.92%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            2      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-13            2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::14-15            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1381615000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             5450402500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1085010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     6366.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               25116.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      111.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       30.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   111.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    30.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  176489                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  42080                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                81.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    447838.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   78.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15163941750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4144140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   104797328750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              228221280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              214197480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              124525500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              116873625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             854552400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             838032000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            198028800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191354400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8105937840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8105937840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        47233823490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        46042155270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        33030016500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        34075339500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          89775105810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          89583890115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          723.378355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          721.837601                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13891264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13891264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3850432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3850432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       217051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             217051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    111930349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            111930349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     31025269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            31025269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    142955618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           142955618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     217051                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60163                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   217051                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60163                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13889920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3850240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13891264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3850432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        2                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 124105591500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               217051                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60163                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 215994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                     24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  12006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  12023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        58590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   302.783683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.808997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   283.455135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13755     23.48%     23.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15908     27.15%     50.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16281     27.79%     78.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2594      4.43%     82.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1812      3.09%     85.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1302      2.22%     88.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1064      1.82%     89.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          880      1.50%     91.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4994      8.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        58590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.997918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    87.147357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11712     97.56%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           59      0.49%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           33      0.27%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           30      0.25%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639          151      1.26%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        12005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.011245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.009328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.173052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11909     99.20%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::6-7             87      0.72%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-9              5      0.04%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-13            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::14-15            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        12005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1425525000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             5494837500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1085150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     6568.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               25318.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      111.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       31.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   111.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    31.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  176491                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  42108                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                81.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    447688.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   78.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15181448250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4144140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   104780029250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              228364920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              214575480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              124603875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              117079875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             854482200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             838344000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            198203760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191633040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8105937840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8105937840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        47338115535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        46158532740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        32938516500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        33973238250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          89788224630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          89599341225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          723.484215                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          721.962254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13874112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13874112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3842944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3842944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60046                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60046                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    111792145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            111792145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     30964933                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            30964933                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    142757078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           142757078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216784                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60046                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216784                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60046                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13872768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3842880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13874176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3842944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        1                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 124105577000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216784                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60046                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 215776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        58256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   304.093381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.083422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   283.708392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13455     23.10%     23.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15843     27.20%     50.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16316     28.01%     78.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2569      4.41%     82.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1844      3.17%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1277      2.19%     88.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1084      1.86%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          897      1.54%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4971      8.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        58256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.026878                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    89.225593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11692     97.60%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           48      0.40%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           40      0.33%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           23      0.19%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639          157      1.31%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.03%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            5      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.012104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.010048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.175569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11881     99.17%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::6-7             91      0.76%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-9              2      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            3      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-13            3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1437483000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             5501770500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1083810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     6631.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               25381.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      111.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       30.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   111.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    30.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  176372                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  42177                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                81.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    448309.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   78.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15008201500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4144140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   104953171500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              226656360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              213759000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              123671625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              116634375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             852984600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             837712200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197516880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191574720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8105937840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8105937840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        47104270470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        46020620385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        33143661750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        34094232000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          89754699525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          89580470520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          723.213906                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.810026                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1145                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1145                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1398                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1398                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               234                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              234                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4118                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5054                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              506540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              124540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1844000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7492416                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.503582                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.200617                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.001967                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7490199     99.97%     99.97% |        1951      0.03%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7492416                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     62726327                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.510425                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.372950                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.738850                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    61870231     98.64%     98.64% |      850659      1.36%     99.99% |        3558      0.01%    100.00% |        1025      0.00%    100.00% |         301      0.00%    100.00% |         188      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |         180      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      62726327                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            62726324                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               6.297530                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.237538                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             26.389003                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    62648730     99.88%     99.88% |       64660      0.10%     99.98% |       11802      0.02%    100.00% |        1099      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              62726324                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        61499512                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000076                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000066                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.008752                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    61494819     99.99%     99.99% |        4691      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          61499512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1226812                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        171.597341                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       147.469235                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        87.957165                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1149218     93.68%     93.68% |       64660      5.27%     98.95% |       11802      0.96%     99.91% |        1099      0.09%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1226812                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         824383                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       824383                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     44787267                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       442697                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     45229964                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     15910609                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125991                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     16036600                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111943                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        23207                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        53418                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      4678932                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45343                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       801636                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       658051                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1459687                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3171                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52694                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        29931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        82625                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10353                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37475                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27197                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38385                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9973                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27114                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37087                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9179                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36355                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9106                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36269                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8745                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35849                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8490                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35592                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38613                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9447                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27137                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36584                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9756                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36865                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         9022                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27037                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36059                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9316                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27238                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36554                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27080                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27110                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36369                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9625                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8492                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35597                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37443                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         9096                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36266                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27075                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10180                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37256                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9535                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36679                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12421                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27074                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13433                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40552                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9729                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36844                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9298                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8777                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27071                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35848                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27136                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27167                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37680                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     10995979                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     10995979                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11055380                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10995979                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5033550                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5032851                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     10995979                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.044301                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4927756                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4927756                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4928794                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4927756                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3302679                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3302672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4927756                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.019853                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9877895                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9877895                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9886951                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9877895                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5719571                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5719227                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9877895                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.039796                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4141795                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4141795                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4142407                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4141795                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2628694                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2628679                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4141795                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.016686                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      2564816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      2564816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2565163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2564816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1337688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1337684                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      2564816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.010333                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      2762375                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      2762375                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2762842                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2762375                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1485866                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1485859                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      2762375                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.011129                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      5079279                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      5079279                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5090404                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5079279                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1818194                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1818039                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      5079279                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.020463                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      2454827                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      2454827                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2455256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2454827                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       968656                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       968651                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      2454827                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.009890                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1889520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1889520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1889735                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1889520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1031710                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1031708                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1889520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.007613                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1592696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1592696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1592932                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1592696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       817106                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       817104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1592696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.006417                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1557081                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1557081                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1557199                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1557081                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       683025                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       683025                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1557081                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.006273                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2016451                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2016451                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2016575                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2016451                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1050057                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1050055                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2016451                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008124                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1896653                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1896653                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1896789                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1896653                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       916611                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       916609                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1896653                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.007641                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1680548                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1680548                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1680720                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1680548                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       713363                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       713360                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1680547                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.006771                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       885396                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       885396                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       885494                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       885396                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       395938                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       395936                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       885396                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.003567                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1334135                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1334135                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1334851                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1334135                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       622941                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       622935                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1334135                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.005375                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2358635                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2358635                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2361326                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2358635                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       929754                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       929723                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2358635                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.009502                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1487682                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1487682                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1488370                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1487682                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       646020                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       646014                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1487682                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.005994                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1437305                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1437305                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1437811                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1437305                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       684709                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       684705                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1437305                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.005791                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       893968                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       893968                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       894036                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       893968                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       399489                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       399488                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       893968                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.003602                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1009552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1009552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1009582                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1009552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       564292                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       564292                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1009552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.004067                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       981072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       981072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       981078                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       981072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       535524                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       535524                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       981072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.003953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       920851                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       920851                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       920856                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       920851                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       445823                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       445823                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       920851                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.003710                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       593040                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       593040                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       593040                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       593040                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       274824                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       274824                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       593040                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.002389                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       969764                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       969764                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       969764                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       969764                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       520020                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       520020                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       969764                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.003907                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       966336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       966336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       966336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       966336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       522460                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       522460                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       966336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.003893                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       906544                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       906544                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       906544                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       906544                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433100                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433100                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       906544                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.003652                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       599593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       599593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       599593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       599593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       276341                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       276341                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       599593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.002416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3940628                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3940628                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3941836                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3940628                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2051855                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2051832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3940628                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.015876                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      4044558                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      4044558                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4045468                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4044558                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2125651                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2125638                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      4044558                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.016295                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3331457                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3331457                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3332408                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3331457                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1456119                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1456109                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3331457                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.013422                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3483400                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3483400                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3484383                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3483400                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1561609                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1561596                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3483400                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.014034                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6401419     29.49%     29.49% |    14183853     65.35%     94.85% |     1118189      5.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21703461                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6401421     29.49%     29.49% |    14183854     65.35%     94.85% |     1118189      5.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21703464                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   156459617                       |   335277825                       |    25528406                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15508616                       |    45651318                       |     1118189                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.441396                       |   23.637993                       |   22.830135                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.422684                       |    3.218541                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.833335                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.869502                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.702837                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001377                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.030269      7.14%      7.14% |    0.030330      7.15%     14.29% |    0.030252      7.13%     21.42% |    0.030289      7.14%     28.56% |    0.069918     16.48%     45.04% |    0.069953     16.49%     61.53% |    0.069959     16.49%     78.03% |    0.069937     16.49%     94.52% |    0.005816      1.37%     95.89% |    0.005817      1.37%     97.26% |    0.005817      1.37%     98.63% |    0.005816      1.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.424173                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.010523                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.010939                       |    0.000001                       |    0.008508                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002371                       |    0.001215                       |    0.001196                       |    0.001198                       |    0.001201                       |    0.001188                       |    0.001176                       |    0.001160                       |    0.001222                       |    0.001215                       |    0.001238                       |    0.001206                       |    0.001190                       |    0.001185                       |    0.001175                       |    0.001170                       |    0.001242                       |    0.001193                       |    0.001202                       |    0.001183                       |    0.001188                       |    0.001189                       |    0.001199                       |    0.001172                       |    0.001216                       |    0.001187                       |    0.001190                       |    0.001193                       |    0.001211                       |    0.001204                       |    0.001259                       |    0.001287                       |    0.005308                       |    0.005239                       |    0.005239                       |    0.005233                       |    0.000099                       |           0                       |    0.000302                       |    0.003626                       |    0.003323                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001239                       |    0.000100                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001287                       |    0.001441                       |           0                       |    0.001255                       |           0                       |    0.002406                       |    0.002509                       |    0.001443                       |           0                       |    0.001253                       |    0.002679                       |           0                       |    0.004776                       |    0.005376                       |    0.001791                       |    0.015905                       |    0.001239                       |    0.003323                       |    0.005150                       |    0.008911                       |    0.005269                       |           0                       |    0.001231                       |           0                       |    0.005182                       |    0.004853                       |    0.005420                       |           0                       |    0.001224                       |    0.002614                       |           0                       |    0.005612                       |    0.004730                       |    0.002115                       |           0                       |    0.001235                       |           0                       |    0.002422                       |    0.002370                       |    0.002097                       |           0                       |    0.001249                       |           0                       |    0.001216                       |    0.001443                       |           0                       |    0.001229                       |           0                       |    0.000375                       |    0.001189                       |    0.001159                       |           0                       |    0.001231                       |           0                       |    0.000327                       |    0.001273                       |    0.002405                       |    0.001180                       |           0                       |    0.001241                       |           0                       |    0.001698                       |    0.002569                       |    0.003283                       |    0.001542                       |    0.013296                       |    0.002026                       |    0.000302                       |    0.016210                       |    0.004612                       |    0.006020                       |    0.001835                       |    0.000002                       |    0.001240                       |    0.003626                       |    0.000966                       |    0.007436                       |    0.004801                       |    0.001782                       |           0                       |    0.001221                       |           0                       |    0.002577                       |    0.002918                       |    0.002515                       |    0.001898                       |           0                       |    0.001236                       |           0                       |    0.000972                       |    0.002378                       |    0.001263                       |    0.001792                       |           0                       |    0.001225                       |           0                       |    0.000321                       |    0.001187                       |    0.001160                       |           0                       |    0.001244                       |           0                       |    0.000049                       |    0.001199                       |    0.001218                       |           0                       |    0.001265                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001352                       |    0.002437                       |    0.001220                       |           0                       |    0.001283                       |    0.002615                       |           0                       |    0.000324                       |    0.002656                       |    0.005333                       |    0.001211                       |           0                       |    0.001219                       |           0                       |    0.014701                       |    0.001974                       |    0.001304                       |    0.001266                       |           0                       |    0.001210                       |           0                       |    0.000653                       |    0.005178                       |    0.001626                       |    0.001222                       |           0                       |    0.001285                       |    0.002611                       |           0                       |    0.000647                       |    0.005645                       |    0.002603                       |    0.001243                       |           0                       |    0.001216                       |           0                       |    0.000651                       |    0.002375                       |    0.001303                       |    0.001226                       |           0                       |    0.001240                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001190                       |    0.001222                       |           0                       |    0.001218                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001172                       |           0                       |    0.001220                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002347                       |           0                       |    0.001211                       |           0                       |    0.000971                       |           0                       |    0.003194                       |           0                       |    0.001266                       |           0                       |    0.006942                       |    0.000648                       |    0.000647                       |           0                       |    0.001222                       |           0                       |    0.000000                       |    0.003801                       |    0.000970                       |           0                       |    0.001243                       |           0                       |    0.001616                       |    0.002932                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001226                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002376                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001222                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001193                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.424173                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        16420397                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     16420397                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       342232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11727698                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11097004                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.622184                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         3532808                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29546                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             34677108                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              53644                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            32244138                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             45341                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         34730752                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        32289479                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  66921246                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   98985                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              67020231                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             16043778                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9847                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         16053625                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  16043778                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9847                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              16053625                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                241384272                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     51255428                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              129052065                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            16420397                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     14629812                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             184872022                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          760936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             144969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       166356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       249374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       333913                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          16043102                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        138949                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3958                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    237405852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.900253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.221726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        197108065     83.03%     83.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3092304      1.30%     84.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2916659      1.23%     85.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          5465565      2.30%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5431980      2.29%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1429983      0.60%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          7301124      3.08%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1562890      0.66%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         13097282      5.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    237405852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.068026                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.534633                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15781464                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     194120094                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6554625                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      20569194                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         380468                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      207962844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         380468                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         21364936                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112475273                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6539598                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          19839225                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      76806345                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      206544071                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       50220612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    190955521                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     480587889                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    341281359                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     178430833                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12524673                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       177937                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       180248                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         112051200                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     27126721                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     32471335                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16571006                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15003298                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          201676718                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3448030                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         210393981                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7854837                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12135393                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        63505                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237405852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.886221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.361904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    134162787     56.51%     56.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     55499952     23.38%     79.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15167206      6.39%     86.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     16873594      7.11%     93.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7324175      3.09%     96.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6358036      2.68%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1484487      0.63%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339887      0.14%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195728      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237405852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181394     20.18%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         632931     70.40%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84710      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       274139      0.13%      0.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     142883815     67.91%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28243      0.01%     68.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52391      0.02%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     34819220     16.55%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     32336173     15.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      210393981                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.871614                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              899035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.004273                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    659265740                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    212987545                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    201448146                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      211018829                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     13538237                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1161600                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2696                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       524284                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8394148                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         380468                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        22127706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      38827465                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    205124748                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      27126721                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     32471335                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3438819                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        4114730                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33447926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179805                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       215026                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       394831                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     209813450                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      34668059                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       482055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             66926997                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         14851358                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           32258938                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.869209                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              201529438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             201448182                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         119157745                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         235768068                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.834554                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.505402                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8871838                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3384525                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       355698                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236006554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.831502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.931205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174021389     73.74%     73.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27512940     11.66%     85.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7166169      3.04%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5250374      2.22%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5433351      2.30%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4874084      2.07%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       481426      0.20%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       483480      0.20%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10783341      4.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236006554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    120635129                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      196239868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               57912167                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              25965117                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5818                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           14467773                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         195864932                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      3452853                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159507      0.08%      0.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    138090271     70.37%     70.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        27040      0.01%     70.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50883      0.03%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     25965117     13.23%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     31947050     16.28%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    196239868                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      10783341                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            430260180                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           411629164                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87012                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3978420                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           120635129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             196239868                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.000945                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.000945                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.499764                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.499764                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        349009215                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       154008056                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          46507107                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         30216420                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        94023101                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         169906                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              75007994500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            75007994500.000122                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-4.29497e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+10-2.57698e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.57698e+10-3.00648e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.00648e+10-3.43597e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.43597e+10-3.86547e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.86547e+10-4.29497e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+10-4.72446e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.72446e+10-5.15396e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.15396e+10-5.58346e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.58346e+10-6.01295e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.01295e+10-6.44245e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+10-6.87195e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.87195e+10-7.30144e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.30144e+10-7.73094e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.73094e+10-8.16044e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.16044e+10-8.58993e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3423588                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        26.110705                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.439095                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.723740                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3421371     99.94%     99.94% |        1951      0.06%     99.99% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3423588                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4050841                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.006065                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.012682                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.285408                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      640460     15.81%     15.81% |     2215720     54.70%     70.51% |     1174044     28.98%     99.49% |       20589      0.51%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4050841                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         17987                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.990938                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.685505                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.091990                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         646      3.59%      3.59% |        2141     11.90%     15.49% |        8466     47.07%     62.56% |        3957     22.00%     84.56% |        2776     15.43%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           17987                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         14516453                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           13.240404                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.748569                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          46.569543                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    14464245     99.64%     99.64% |       42512      0.29%     99.93% |        8773      0.06%     99.99% |         892      0.01%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           14516453                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples     13712652                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000207                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000178                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.014407                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13709823     99.98%     99.98% |        2827      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total       13712652                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803801                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     187.935712                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    167.440351                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     82.820540                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      751593     93.50%     93.50% |       42512      5.29%     98.79% |        8773      1.09%     99.89% |         892      0.11%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803801                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         32014816                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            4.458889                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.105562                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          17.518306                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    31825601     99.41%     99.41% |      166987      0.52%     99.93% |       18984      0.06%     99.99% |         283      0.00%     99.99% |        1284      0.00%     99.99% |        1490      0.00%    100.00% |         182      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           32014816                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     31727306                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000055                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000047                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.007403                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    31725567     99.99%     99.99% |        1739      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       31727306                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287510                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.444124                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.848771                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.564839                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98295     34.19%     34.19% |      166987     58.08%     92.27% |       18984      6.60%     98.87% |         283      0.10%     98.97% |        1284      0.45%     99.42% |        1490      0.52%     99.93% |         182      0.06%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287510                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     16036598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.658009                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.077214                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       9.023909                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    16021330     99.90%     99.90% |       12582      0.08%     99.98% |        2401      0.01%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |         125      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       16036598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     15910609                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000251                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15910608    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     15910609                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125989                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.755153                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.190839                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.354146                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110721     87.88%     87.88% |       12582      9.99%     97.87% |        2401      1.91%     99.77% |          48      0.04%     99.81% |          97      0.08%     99.89% |         125      0.10%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125989                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       157149                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.899624                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.661443                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.606507                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      155063     98.67%     98.67% |        1614      1.03%     99.70% |         412      0.26%     99.96% |          20      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       157149                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147667                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000840                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000725                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028966                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      147543     99.92%     99.92% |         124      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147667                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9482                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   100.763763                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    81.208221                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.900822                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7396     78.00%     78.00% |        1614     17.02%     95.02% |         412      4.35%     99.37% |          20      0.21%     99.58% |          19      0.20%     99.78% |          14      0.15%     99.93% |           7      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9482                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.359327                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.450811                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.654853                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.76%     99.24% |           0      0.00%     99.24% |           0      0.00%     99.24% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         654    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         654    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          654                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        11637                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       506242                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        63407                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17986                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   438103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    59951                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   871881                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    60098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    446                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   5321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   5431                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    318                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                      101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                      109                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       19                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               443424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                60416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               877312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                60416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  323805                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 1571592                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 3130592                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1601749                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  908656                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  434208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   27648                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  868096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   51200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  32768                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               428922                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                27227                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               862763                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                50882                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               5286                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                421                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               5333                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                318                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8909                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                9181                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               32724                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                9118                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                9216                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               307                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                98                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 732613                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               66346054                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                9137901                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               68494299                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                5155495                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    6144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    3072                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    6144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    2048                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                671028                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              65673798                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               8666498                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              67799267                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4952628                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             273061                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            4547671                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            3816713                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            4629210                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             726666                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               867842                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               911512                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               930702                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               940271                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           671028                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         65673798                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          8666498                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         67799267                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4952628                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        262913                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       4547671                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       3815689                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       4629210                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        726595                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          581000                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          911512                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          930702                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          939380                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             732099                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           65788102                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            8666498                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           67919753                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            5066676                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles               660                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles               621                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98680245                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         131847327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         138298544                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         172525464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         77400961                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles        110273331                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         79801508                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles        107628504                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         75679518                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              5231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               437                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              5412                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               297                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              9170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             32643                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              9118                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              9216                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2920                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2            316288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             24596                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2            384898                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             20637                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            9956                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             469                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            1589                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             386                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             428                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219839     25.25%     25.25% |      217031     24.93%     50.17% |      217051     24.93%     75.10% |      216784     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       870705                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56824     25.90%     25.90% |       54188     24.70%     50.60% |       54257     24.73%     75.32% |       54139     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219408                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219866     25.25%     25.25% |      217031     24.93%     50.18% |      217051     24.93%     75.10% |      216783     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       870731                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62720     25.81%     25.81% |       60090     24.73%     50.54% |       60163     24.76%     75.29% |       60046     24.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243019                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154823     25.03%     25.03% |      154652     25.00%     50.03% |      154602     25.00%     75.03% |      154453     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       618530                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219839     25.25%     25.25% |      217031     24.93%     50.17% |      217051     24.93%     75.10% |      216784     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       870705                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56569     25.88%     25.88% |       53994     24.70%     50.58% |       54067     24.74%     75.32% |       53950     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218580                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154823     25.03%     25.03% |      154652     25.00%     50.03% |      154602     25.00%     75.03% |      154453     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       618530                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219839     25.25%     25.25% |      217031     24.93%     50.17% |      217051     24.93%     75.10% |      216783     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       870704                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56569     25.88%     25.88% |       53994     24.70%     50.58% |       54067     24.74%     75.32% |       53950     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218580                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    13127174     90.42%     90.42% |          76      0.00%     90.42% |     1390179      9.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     14517429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    16036665    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     16036665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    32105256     99.78%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |       69508      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     32174764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17887     99.54%     99.54% |          71      0.40%     99.93% |          12      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      562810     46.12%     46.12% |           0      0.00%     46.12% |      657527     53.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1220337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14     82.35%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      155664     19.38%     19.38% |          63      0.01%     19.39% |      647436     80.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       803163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      5.88%      5.88% |          13     76.47%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      412999     97.49%     97.49% |           0      0.00%     97.49% |       10612      2.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      439071     40.04%     40.04% |           0      0.00%     40.04% |      657502     59.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1096573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      154352     19.25%     19.25% |          38      0.00%     19.25% |      647452     80.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       801842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      123170    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       123170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286196     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |       10587      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11382    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1910     97.45%     97.45% |          38      1.94%     99.39% |          12      0.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2821    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         218    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         871    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245     21.23%     21.23% |           0      0.00%     21.23% |       45441     78.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        57686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    15910609    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     15910609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3659     99.54%     99.54% |          14      0.38%     99.92% |           3      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122752     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          25      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       122777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1594231     69.64%     69.64% |           0      0.00%     69.64% |      695103     30.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2289334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25443     51.08%     51.08% |           0      0.00%     51.08% |       24370     48.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2196     97.08%     97.08% |          57      2.52%     99.60% |           9      0.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127904     17.03%     17.03% |           0      0.00%     17.03% |      622929     82.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       750833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    11363461     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |        2171      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     11365632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    31791887     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |       34551      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     31826438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         649    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          649                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311167     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |       34573     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       345740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      155664     19.38%     19.38% |          63      0.01%     19.39% |      647436     80.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       803163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      5.88%      5.88% |          13     76.47%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126585     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          25      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126610                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286414     96.44%     96.44% |           0      0.00%     96.44% |       10587      3.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       297001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         975    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          65    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1491    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      439070     40.04%     40.04% |           0      0.00%     40.04% |      657502     59.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1096572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3906      3.10%      3.10% |        3813      3.03%      6.13% |        3563      2.83%      8.95% |        3531      2.80%     11.75% |        3613      2.87%     14.62% |        4004      3.18%     17.80% |        3776      3.00%     20.79% |        3304      2.62%     23.42% |        3573      2.84%     26.25% |        5230      4.15%     30.40% |        3975      3.15%     33.56% |        3873      3.07%     36.63% |        3567      2.83%     39.46% |        4444      3.53%     42.99% |        3937      3.12%     46.11% |        3838      3.05%     49.16% |        4261      3.38%     52.54% |        4255      3.38%     55.91% |        3604      2.86%     58.77% |        3298      2.62%     61.39% |        3137      2.49%     63.88% |        3802      3.02%     66.90% |        3623      2.87%     69.77% |        3492      2.77%     72.54% |        3698      2.93%     75.48% |        3828      3.04%     78.51% |        3359      2.67%     81.18% |        4800      3.81%     84.99% |        4031      3.20%     88.19% |        5279      4.19%     92.38% |        5113      4.06%     96.43% |        4494      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126021                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64007      7.96%      7.96% |       24811      3.09%     11.05% |       23738      2.95%     14.00% |       24451      3.04%     17.04% |       23864      2.97%     20.01% |       23576      2.93%     22.95% |       23121      2.88%     25.82% |       23168      2.88%     28.71% |       24618      3.06%     31.77% |       23690      2.95%     34.71% |       25105      3.12%     37.84% |       24526      3.05%     40.89% |       23561      2.93%     43.82% |       23291      2.90%     46.72% |       22865      2.84%     49.56% |       23173      2.88%     52.45% |       25145      3.13%     55.57% |       23688      2.95%     58.52% |       23899      2.97%     61.49% |       23883      2.97%     64.46% |       23694      2.95%     67.41% |       23629      2.94%     70.35% |       23551      2.93%     73.28% |       23289      2.90%     76.18% |       24431      3.04%     79.22% |       23640      2.94%     82.16% |       23365      2.91%     85.07% |       22908      2.85%     87.92% |       23541      2.93%     90.84% |       23067      2.87%     93.71% |       23851      2.97%     96.68% |       26672      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       803818                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14710      4.95%      4.95% |        8851      2.98%      7.93% |        9252      3.11%     11.05% |        8696      2.93%     13.98% |        9385      3.16%     17.13% |        8836      2.97%     20.11% |        8951      3.01%     23.12% |        8613      2.90%     26.02% |        9481      3.19%     29.22% |        8760      2.95%     32.16% |        9305      3.13%     35.30% |        8688      2.93%     38.22% |        9235      3.11%     41.33% |        8534      2.87%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.25% |        8580      2.89%     50.14% |        9207      3.10%     53.24% |        8641      2.91%     56.15% |        9355      3.15%     59.30% |        8877      2.99%     62.29% |        9432      3.18%     65.46% |        8938      3.01%     68.47% |        9567      3.22%     71.69% |        8816      2.97%     74.66% |        9314      3.14%     77.80% |        8798      2.96%     80.76% |        9579      3.23%     83.98% |        9009      3.03%     87.02% |        9725      3.27%     90.29% |        8920      3.00%     93.29% |       10531      3.55%     96.84% |        9387      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       297018                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           2      9.52%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           7     33.33%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           2      9.52%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       78476      7.16%      7.16% |       33494      3.05%     10.21% |       32824      2.99%     13.20% |       32993      3.01%     16.21% |       33087      3.02%     19.23% |       31992      2.92%     22.15% |       31955      2.91%     25.06% |       31665      2.89%     27.95% |       33980      3.10%     31.05% |       32345      2.95%     34.00% |       34262      3.12%     37.12% |       33111      3.02%     40.14% |       32682      2.98%     43.12% |       31728      2.89%     46.02% |       31761      2.90%     48.91% |       31659      2.89%     51.80% |       34258      3.12%     54.92% |       32227      2.94%     57.86% |       33096      3.02%     60.88% |       32655      2.98%     63.86% |       33023      3.01%     66.87% |       32465      2.96%     69.83% |       33002      3.01%     72.84% |       31997      2.92%     75.76% |       33639      3.07%     78.83% |       32330      2.95%     81.77% |       32839      2.99%     84.77% |       31810      2.90%     87.67% |       33163      3.02%     90.69% |       31896      2.91%     93.60% |       34264      3.12%     96.73% |       35894      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1096572                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9271      4.25%      4.25% |        6725      3.08%      7.34% |        6750      3.10%     10.43% |        6732      3.09%     13.52% |        6712      3.08%     16.60% |        6724      3.08%     19.68% |        6732      3.09%     22.77% |        6724      3.08%     25.85% |        6774      3.11%     28.96% |        6741      3.09%     32.05% |        6744      3.09%     35.14% |        6742      3.09%     38.24% |        6726      3.08%     41.32% |        6729      3.09%     44.41% |        6726      3.08%     47.49% |        6727      3.09%     50.58% |        6751      3.10%     53.67% |        6730      3.09%     56.76% |        6746      3.09%     59.85% |        6734      3.09%     62.94% |        6732      3.09%     66.03% |        6752      3.10%     69.13% |        6738      3.09%     72.22% |        6735      3.09%     75.31% |        6742      3.09%     78.40% |        6740      3.09%     81.49% |        6738      3.09%     84.58% |        6731      3.09%     87.67% |        6738      3.09%     90.76% |        6722      3.08%     93.84% |        6720      3.08%     96.92% |        6713      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       218041                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19544      3.16%      3.16% |       19344      3.12%      6.28% |       19441      3.14%      9.42% |       19364      3.13%     12.55% |       19356      3.13%     15.68% |       19331      3.12%     18.80% |       19291      3.12%     21.92% |       19317      3.12%     25.04% |       19314      3.12%     28.16% |       19378      3.13%     31.29% |       19406      3.13%     34.42% |       19324      3.12%     37.54% |       19399      3.13%     40.68% |       19387      3.13%     43.81% |       19330      3.12%     46.93% |       19328      3.12%     50.05% |       19351      3.13%     53.18% |       19359      3.13%     56.30% |       19314      3.12%     59.42% |       19254      3.11%     62.53% |       19300      3.12%     65.65% |       19309      3.12%     68.77% |       19328      3.12%     71.89% |       19323      3.12%     75.01% |       19350      3.13%     78.14% |       19380      3.13%     81.27% |       19359      3.13%     84.40% |       19297      3.12%     87.51% |       19332      3.12%     90.64% |       19295      3.12%     93.75% |       19306      3.12%     96.87% |       19358      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       619069                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29931      3.44%      3.44% |       27118      3.11%      6.55% |       27238      3.13%      9.68% |       27144      3.12%     12.80% |       27115      3.11%     15.91% |       27102      3.11%     19.02% |       27071      3.11%     22.13% |       27089      3.11%     25.24% |       27136      3.12%     28.36% |       27167      3.12%     31.48% |       27197      3.12%     34.61% |       27114      3.11%     37.72% |       27172      3.12%     40.84% |       27163      3.12%     43.96% |       27103      3.11%     47.07% |       27102      3.11%     50.18% |       27149      3.12%     53.30% |       27137      3.12%     56.42% |       27108      3.11%     59.53% |       27036      3.11%     62.64% |       27080      3.11%     65.75% |       27110      3.11%     68.86% |       27114      3.11%     71.98% |       27105      3.11%     75.09% |       27139      3.12%     78.21% |       27169      3.12%     81.33% |       27146      3.12%     84.44% |       27074      3.11%     87.55% |       27117      3.11%     90.67% |       27065      3.11%     93.78% |       27074      3.11%     96.89% |       27119      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       870704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28907      3.45%      3.45% |       26095      3.11%      6.56% |       26214      3.13%      9.69% |       26120      3.12%     12.81% |       26091      3.11%     15.92% |       26078      3.11%     19.04% |       26047      3.11%     22.14% |       26065      3.11%     25.25% |       26112      3.12%     28.37% |       26143      3.12%     31.49% |       26173      3.12%     34.61% |       26090      3.11%     37.73% |       26148      3.12%     40.85% |       26139      3.12%     43.97% |       26079      3.11%     47.08% |       26078      3.11%     50.19% |       26125      3.12%     53.31% |       26113      3.12%     56.43% |       26084      3.11%     59.54% |       26012      3.10%     62.64% |       26056      3.11%     65.75% |       26086      3.11%     68.87% |       26090      3.11%     71.98% |       26081      3.11%     75.09% |       26115      3.12%     78.21% |       26145      3.12%     81.33% |       26122      3.12%     84.45% |       26050      3.11%     87.56% |       26093      3.11%     90.67% |       26041      3.11%     93.78% |       26050      3.11%     96.89% |       26095      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       837937                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          83     12.54%     12.54% |          24      3.63%     16.16% |          59      8.91%     25.08% |          54      8.16%     33.23% |          39      5.89%     39.12% |          37      5.59%     44.71% |           3      0.45%     45.17% |           9      1.36%     46.53% |          11      1.66%     48.19% |           5      0.76%     48.94% |          20      3.02%     51.96% |           9      1.36%     53.32% |          25      3.78%     57.10% |           5      0.76%     57.85% |           3      0.45%     58.31% |           1      0.15%     58.46% |           2      0.30%     58.76% |          14      2.11%     60.88% |          19      2.87%     63.75% |           6      0.91%     64.65% |           2      0.30%     64.95% |          17      2.57%     67.52% |          12      1.81%     69.34% |          15      2.27%     71.60% |          20      3.02%     74.62% |          21      3.17%     77.79% |          37      5.59%     83.38% |          24      3.63%     87.01% |          24      3.63%     90.63% |          21      3.17%     93.81% |          38      5.74%     99.55% |           3      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          662                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     26.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           3     20.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           1      6.67%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           1      6.67%     60.00% |           1      6.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     13.33%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      6.67%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         564      3.26%      3.26% |         490      2.83%      6.09% |         514      2.97%      9.06% |         491      2.84%     11.90% |         505      2.92%     14.82% |         524      3.03%     17.84% |         499      2.88%     20.73% |         525      3.03%     23.76% |         521      3.01%     26.77% |         553      3.20%     29.97% |         576      3.33%     33.30% |         545      3.15%     36.45% |         591      3.42%     39.86% |         606      3.50%     43.36% |         549      3.17%     46.54% |         575      3.32%     49.86% |         587      3.39%     53.25% |         567      3.28%     56.53% |         528      3.05%     59.58% |         489      2.83%     62.40% |         520      3.00%     65.41% |         547      3.16%     68.57% |         552      3.19%     71.76% |         554      3.20%     74.96% |         543      3.14%     78.10% |         576      3.33%     81.43% |         550      3.18%     84.61% |         529      3.06%     87.66% |         532      3.07%     90.74% |         517      2.99%     93.72% |         518      2.99%     96.72% |         568      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17305                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     23.53%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           4     23.53%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           1      5.88%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           1      5.88%     64.71% |           1      5.88%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2     11.76%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           1      5.88%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       78677      7.15%      7.15% |       33617      3.06%     10.21% |       32982      3.00%     13.20% |       33133      3.01%     16.22% |       33217      3.02%     19.24% |       32148      2.92%     22.16% |       32058      2.91%     25.07% |       31776      2.89%     27.96% |       34096      3.10%     31.06% |       32449      2.95%     34.01% |       34394      3.13%     37.13% |       33210      3.02%     40.15% |       32790      2.98%     43.13% |       31824      2.89%     46.03% |       31872      2.90%     48.92% |       31738      2.88%     51.81% |       34342      3.12%     54.93% |       32323      2.94%     57.87% |       33201      3.02%     60.88% |       32743      2.98%     63.86% |       33125      3.01%     66.87% |       32552      2.96%     69.83% |       33106      3.01%     72.84% |       32103      2.92%     75.76% |       33740      3.07%     78.82% |       32436      2.95%     81.77% |       32943      2.99%     84.77% |       31909      2.90%     87.67% |       33263      3.02%     90.69% |       31986      2.91%     93.60% |       34380      3.12%     96.72% |       36052      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1100185                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         479      3.16%      3.16% |         412      2.72%      5.88% |         443      2.92%      8.80% |         433      2.86%     11.66% |         442      2.92%     14.58% |         426      2.81%     17.39% |         420      2.77%     20.16% |         452      2.98%     23.15% |         445      2.94%     26.08% |         483      3.19%     29.27% |         490      3.23%     32.51% |         477      3.15%     35.65% |         532      3.51%     39.17% |         539      3.56%     42.72% |         464      3.06%     45.79% |         521      3.44%     49.22% |         529      3.49%     52.72% |         510      3.37%     56.08% |         463      3.06%     59.14% |         427      2.82%     61.96% |         443      2.92%     64.88% |         500      3.30%     68.18% |         484      3.19%     71.37% |         488      3.22%     74.60% |         486      3.21%     77.80% |         515      3.40%     81.20% |         511      3.37%     84.58% |         477      3.15%     87.72% |         479      3.16%     90.89% |         472      3.12%     94.00% |         466      3.08%     97.08% |         443      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15151                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23436      3.52%      3.52% |       20757      3.12%      6.64% |       20839      3.13%      9.78% |       20744      3.12%     12.90% |       20727      3.12%     16.01% |       20729      3.12%     19.13% |       20710      3.11%     22.24% |       20706      3.11%     25.35% |       20717      3.11%     28.47% |       20740      3.12%     31.59% |       20778      3.12%     34.71% |       20687      3.11%     37.82% |       20689      3.11%     40.93% |       20690      3.11%     44.04% |       20707      3.11%     47.15% |       20649      3.10%     50.26% |       20674      3.11%     53.37% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20687      3.11%     59.58% |       20672      3.11%     62.69% |       20694      3.11%     65.80% |       20658      3.11%     68.91% |       20697      3.11%     72.02% |       20675      3.11%     75.13% |       20705      3.11%     78.24% |       20708      3.11%     81.36% |       20664      3.11%     84.46% |       20643      3.10%     87.57% |       20694      3.11%     90.68% |       20635      3.10%     93.78% |       20633      3.10%     96.88% |       20749      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       665164                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6016      3.16%      3.16% |        5949      3.12%      6.28% |        5956      3.13%      9.41% |        5967      3.13%     12.55% |        5946      3.12%     15.67% |        5947      3.12%     18.79% |        5941      3.12%     21.91% |        5931      3.12%     25.03% |        5974      3.14%     28.17% |        5944      3.12%     31.29% |        5929      3.11%     34.40% |        5950      3.13%     37.53% |        5951      3.13%     40.65% |        5934      3.12%     43.77% |        5932      3.12%     46.89% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.12%     53.13% |        5956      3.13%     56.25% |        5958      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5933      3.12%     71.87% |        5942      3.12%     74.99% |        5948      3.12%     78.11% |        5946      3.12%     81.23% |        5971      3.14%     84.37% |        5955      3.13%     87.50% |        5944      3.12%     90.62% |        5958      3.13%     93.75% |        5975      3.14%     96.89% |        5927      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190390                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.06%      6.15% |        3116      2.81%      8.97% |        3091      2.79%     11.76% |        3169      2.86%     14.62% |        3571      3.22%     17.84% |        3352      3.03%     20.87% |        2852      2.58%     23.45% |        3128      2.82%     26.27% |        4745      4.29%     30.56% |        3483      3.15%     33.70% |        3394      3.06%     36.77% |        3023      2.73%     39.50% |        3905      3.53%     43.02% |        3469      3.13%     46.16% |        3315      2.99%     49.15% |        3731      3.37%     52.52% |        3745      3.38%     55.90% |        3129      2.83%     58.73% |        2866      2.59%     61.31% |        2683      2.42%     63.74% |        3300      2.98%     66.72% |        3137      2.83%     69.55% |        3002      2.71%     72.26% |        3208      2.90%     75.16% |        3312      2.99%     78.15% |        2845      2.57%     80.72% |        4321      3.90%     84.62% |        3547      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.19%     96.35% |        4045      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110735                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          42      6.76%      6.76% |          41      6.60%     13.37% |           9      1.45%     14.81% |          15      2.42%     17.23% |          14      2.25%     19.48% |         248     39.94%     59.42% |          14      2.25%     61.67% |           5      0.81%     62.48% |           3      0.48%     62.96% |           1      0.16%     63.12% |          16      2.58%     65.70% |           4      0.64%     66.34% |           2      0.32%     66.67% |           1      0.16%     66.83% |          39      6.28%     73.11% |          16      2.58%     75.68% |           9      1.45%     77.13% |           6      0.97%     78.10% |          59      9.50%     87.60% |          17      2.74%     90.34% |           1      0.16%     90.50% |          15      2.42%     92.91% |          10      1.61%     94.52% |           2      0.32%     94.85% |           5      0.81%     95.65% |           1      0.16%     95.81% |           2      0.32%     96.14% |           8      1.29%     97.42% |           3      0.48%     97.91% |           2      0.32%     98.23% |           3      0.48%     98.71% |           8      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          621                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           3      9.09%      9.09% |           6     18.18%     27.27% |           2      6.06%     33.33% |           5     15.15%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           1      3.03%     51.52% |           1      3.03%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      3.03%     57.58% |           0      0.00%     57.58% |           0      0.00%     57.58% |           5     15.15%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           3      9.09%     81.82% |           1      3.03%     84.85% |           0      0.00%     84.85% |           0      0.00%     84.85% |           0      0.00%     84.85% |           0      0.00%     84.85% |           1      3.03%     87.88% |           0      0.00%     87.88% |           1      3.03%     90.91% |           1      3.03%     93.94% |           2      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           2      9.52%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           7     33.33%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           2      9.52%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     12.12%     12.12% |           1      3.03%     15.15% |           2      6.06%     21.21% |           0      0.00%     21.21% |           3      9.09%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           1      3.03%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           5     15.15%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           2      6.06%     54.55% |           1      3.03%     57.58% |           0      0.00%     57.58% |           0      0.00%     57.58% |           1      3.03%     60.61% |           2      6.06%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      3.03%     69.70% |           2      6.06%     75.76% |           0      0.00%     75.76% |           1      3.03%     78.79% |           1      3.03%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      3.03%     84.85% |           4     12.12%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         473      3.15%      3.15% |         411      2.74%      5.89% |         437      2.91%      8.80% |         426      2.84%     11.64% |         437      2.91%     14.55% |         426      2.84%     17.39% |         419      2.79%     20.18% |         448      2.98%     23.16% |         439      2.92%     26.09% |         474      3.16%     29.25% |         486      3.24%     32.49% |         475      3.16%     35.65% |         524      3.49%     39.14% |         535      3.56%     42.70% |         462      3.08%     45.78% |         516      3.44%     49.22% |         526      3.50%     52.72% |         504      3.36%     56.08% |         461      3.07%     59.15% |         424      2.82%     61.98% |         440      2.93%     64.91% |         495      3.30%     68.21% |         478      3.18%     71.39% |         484      3.22%     74.62% |         481      3.20%     77.82% |         510      3.40%     81.22% |         506      3.37%     84.59% |         473      3.15%     87.74% |         472      3.14%     90.89% |         469      3.12%     94.01% |         460      3.06%     97.08% |         439      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15010                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.77%      5.77% |           9      8.65%     14.42% |           4      3.85%     18.27% |           7      6.73%     25.00% |           2      1.92%     26.92% |           7      6.73%     33.65% |           4      3.85%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           2      1.92%     39.42% |           2      1.92%     41.35% |           2      1.92%     43.27% |           4      3.85%     47.12% |           0      0.00%     47.12% |           4      3.85%     50.96% |           2      1.92%     52.88% |           1      0.96%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |          12     11.54%     65.38% |           5      4.81%     70.19% |           2      1.92%     72.12% |           2      1.92%     74.04% |           2      1.92%     75.96% |           2      1.92%     77.88% |           4      3.85%     81.73% |           1      0.96%     82.69% |           3      2.88%     85.58% |           2      1.92%     87.50% |           5      4.81%     92.31% |           3      2.88%     95.19% |           1      0.96%     96.15% |           4      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       40529     29.37%     29.37% |        4009      2.91%     32.27% |        2890      2.09%     34.37% |        3692      2.68%     37.04% |        3118      2.26%     39.30% |        2587      1.87%     41.18% |        2397      1.74%     42.91% |        2457      1.78%     44.70% |        3898      2.82%     47.52% |        2949      2.14%     49.66% |        4311      3.12%     52.78% |        3835      2.78%     55.56% |        2866      2.08%     57.64% |        2600      1.88%     59.52% |        2118      1.53%     61.06% |        2508      1.82%     62.87% |        4461      3.23%     66.11% |        3011      2.18%     68.29% |        3152      2.28%     70.57% |        3193      2.31%     72.89% |        2999      2.17%     75.06% |        2956      2.14%     77.20% |        2842      2.06%     79.26% |        2612      1.89%     81.15% |        3721      2.70%     83.85% |        2930      2.12%     85.97% |        2699      1.96%     87.93% |        2257      1.64%     89.56% |        2842      2.06%     91.62% |        2430      1.76%     93.38% |        3215      2.33%     95.71% |        5915      4.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       137999                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8691      8.15%      8.15% |        2896      2.72%     10.87% |        3294      3.09%     13.96% |        2724      2.56%     16.52% |        3426      3.21%     19.73% |        2884      2.71%     22.44% |        3009      2.82%     25.26% |        2682      2.52%     27.78% |        3507      3.29%     31.07% |        2815      2.64%     33.71% |        3376      3.17%     36.88% |        2738      2.57%     39.45% |        3279      3.08%     42.52% |        2600      2.44%     44.96% |        3113      2.92%     47.88% |        2648      2.48%     50.37% |        3261      3.06%     53.43% |        2685      2.52%     55.95% |        3394      3.18%     59.13% |        2939      2.76%     61.89% |        3489      3.27%     65.16% |        2986      2.80%     67.97% |        3634      3.41%     71.37% |        2874      2.70%     74.07% |        3365      3.16%     77.23% |        2852      2.68%     79.90% |        3607      3.38%     83.29% |        3053      2.86%     86.15% |        3779      3.55%     89.70% |        2962      2.78%     92.48% |        4556      4.27%     96.75% |        3460      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       106578                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9261      4.25%      4.25% |        6716      3.08%      7.33% |        6744      3.10%     10.43% |        6726      3.09%     13.52% |        6707      3.08%     16.59% |        6716      3.08%     19.68% |        6729      3.09%     22.77% |        6721      3.08%     25.85% |        6766      3.11%     28.96% |        6738      3.09%     32.05% |        6741      3.09%     35.14% |        6740      3.09%     38.24% |        6719      3.08%     41.32% |        6727      3.09%     44.41% |        6720      3.08%     47.49% |        6721      3.08%     50.58% |        6748      3.10%     53.67% |        6727      3.09%     56.76% |        6742      3.09%     59.86% |        6729      3.09%     62.95% |        6729      3.09%     66.03% |        6747      3.10%     69.13% |        6731      3.09%     72.22% |        6726      3.09%     75.31% |        6735      3.09%     78.40% |        6736      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6726      3.09%     87.67% |        6728      3.09%     90.76% |        6717      3.08%     93.84% |        6713      3.08%     96.92% |        6708      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       217868                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18963      3.15%      3.15% |       18840      3.13%      6.29% |       18874      3.14%      9.43% |       18825      3.13%     12.56% |       18817      3.13%     15.68% |       18778      3.12%     18.81% |       18792      3.13%     21.93% |       18786      3.12%     25.06% |       18790      3.12%     28.18% |       18823      3.13%     31.31% |       18813      3.13%     34.44% |       18772      3.12%     37.56% |       18794      3.13%     40.69% |       18778      3.12%     43.81% |       18784      3.12%     46.93% |       18758      3.12%     50.05% |       18765      3.12%     53.17% |       18781      3.12%     56.30% |       18772      3.12%     59.42% |       18765      3.12%     62.54% |       18781      3.12%     65.66% |       18750      3.12%     68.78% |       18773      3.12%     71.90% |       18763      3.12%     75.02% |       18794      3.13%     78.15% |       18788      3.12%     81.27% |       18776      3.12%     84.39% |       18749      3.12%     87.51% |       18788      3.12%     90.64% |       18762      3.12%     93.76% |       18757      3.12%     96.87% |       18792      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       601343                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     23.53%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           4     23.53%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           1      5.88%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           1      5.88%     64.71% |           1      5.88%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2     11.76%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           1      5.88%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       78476      7.16%      7.16% |       33494      3.05%     10.21% |       32824      2.99%     13.20% |       32993      3.01%     16.21% |       33087      3.02%     19.23% |       31992      2.92%     22.15% |       31955      2.91%     25.06% |       31665      2.89%     27.95% |       33980      3.10%     31.05% |       32345      2.95%     34.00% |       34262      3.12%     37.12% |       33111      3.02%     40.14% |       32682      2.98%     43.12% |       31728      2.89%     46.02% |       31761      2.90%     48.91% |       31659      2.89%     51.80% |       34258      3.12%     54.92% |       32227      2.94%     57.86% |       33096      3.02%     60.88% |       32655      2.98%     63.86% |       33023      3.01%     66.87% |       32465      2.96%     69.83% |       33002      3.01%     72.84% |       31997      2.92%     75.76% |       33639      3.07%     78.83% |       32330      2.95%     81.77% |       32839      2.99%     84.77% |       31810      2.90%     87.67% |       33163      3.02%     90.69% |       31896      2.91%     93.60% |       34264      3.12%     96.73% |       35894      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1096572                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      7.14%      7.14% |           5      3.57%     10.71% |           5      3.57%     14.29% |           4      2.86%     17.14% |           5      3.57%     20.71% |           5      3.57%     24.29% |           3      2.14%     26.43% |           3      2.14%     28.57% |           8      5.71%     34.29% |           2      1.43%     35.71% |           3      2.14%     37.86% |           2      1.43%     39.29% |           2      1.43%     40.71% |           2      1.43%     42.14% |           4      2.86%     45.00% |           5      3.57%     48.57% |           3      2.14%     50.71% |           3      2.14%     52.86% |           3      2.14%     55.00% |           3      2.14%     57.14% |           3      2.14%     59.29% |           4      2.86%     62.14% |           5      3.57%     65.71% |           9      6.43%     72.14% |           6      4.29%     76.43% |           3      2.14%     78.57% |           4      2.86%     81.43% |           4      2.86%     84.29% |           6      4.29%     88.57% |           5      3.57%     92.14% |           7      5.00%     97.14% |           4      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          140                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         108      3.98%      3.98% |          93      3.42%      7.40% |         130      4.79%     12.19% |         113      4.16%     16.35% |         102      3.76%     20.10% |         127      4.68%     24.78% |          80      2.95%     27.72% |          83      3.06%     30.78% |          85      3.13%     33.91% |          81      2.98%     36.89% |         107      3.94%     40.83% |          77      2.84%     43.67% |          81      2.98%     46.65% |          74      2.72%     49.37% |          84      3.09%     52.47% |          54      1.99%     54.46% |          60      2.21%     56.66% |          74      2.72%     59.39% |          81      2.98%     62.37% |          65      2.39%     64.76% |          79      2.91%     67.67% |          64      2.36%     70.03% |          77      2.84%     72.86% |          76      2.80%     75.66% |          75      2.76%     78.42% |          82      3.02%     81.44% |          77      2.84%     84.28% |          75      2.76%     87.04% |          72      2.65%     89.69% |          64      2.36%     92.05% |          89      3.28%     95.32% |         127      4.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2716                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     26.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           9     30.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |          10     33.33%     90.00% |           1      3.33%     93.33% |           2      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           9     81.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28907      3.45%      3.45% |       26095      3.11%      6.56% |       26214      3.13%      9.69% |       26120      3.12%     12.81% |       26091      3.11%     15.92% |       26078      3.11%     19.04% |       26047      3.11%     22.14% |       26065      3.11%     25.25% |       26112      3.12%     28.37% |       26143      3.12%     31.49% |       26173      3.12%     34.61% |       26090      3.11%     37.73% |       26148      3.12%     40.85% |       26139      3.12%     43.97% |       26079      3.11%     47.08% |       26078      3.11%     50.19% |       26125      3.12%     53.31% |       26113      3.12%     56.43% |       26084      3.11%     59.54% |       26012      3.10%     62.64% |       26056      3.11%     65.75% |       26086      3.11%     68.87% |       26090      3.11%     71.98% |       26081      3.11%     75.09% |       26115      3.12%     78.21% |       26145      3.12%     81.33% |       26122      3.12%     84.45% |       26050      3.11%     87.56% |       26093      3.11%     90.67% |       26041      3.11%     93.78% |       26050      3.11%     96.89% |       26095      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       837937                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          62     56.36%     56.36% |           2      1.82%     58.18% |           3      2.73%     60.91% |           3      2.73%     63.64% |           3      2.73%     66.36% |           1      0.91%     67.27% |           1      0.91%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           5      4.55%     72.73% |           1      0.91%     73.64% |           1      0.91%     74.55% |           1      0.91%     75.45% |           2      1.82%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      0.91%     78.18% |           0      0.00%     78.18% |           0      0.00%     78.18% |           0      0.00%     78.18% |           1      0.91%     79.09% |           0      0.00%     79.09% |           0      0.00%     79.09% |           2      1.82%     80.91% |           1      0.91%     81.82% |           2      1.82%     83.64% |           2      1.82%     85.45% |           1      0.91%     86.36% |           2      1.82%     88.18% |           2      1.82%     90.00% |           3      2.73%     92.73% |           3      2.73%     95.45% |           5      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           3      3.49%      8.14% |           2      2.33%     10.47% |           1      1.16%     11.63% |           2      2.33%     13.95% |           4      4.65%     18.60% |           2      2.33%     20.93% |           3      3.49%     24.42% |           3      3.49%     27.91% |           1      1.16%     29.07% |           2      2.33%     31.40% |           1      1.16%     32.56% |           0      0.00%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           3      3.49%     38.37% |           5      5.81%     44.19% |           3      3.49%     47.67% |           3      3.49%     51.16% |           2      2.33%     53.49% |           3      3.49%     56.98% |           3      3.49%     60.47% |           2      2.33%     62.79% |           4      4.65%     67.44% |           7      8.14%     75.58% |           4      4.65%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           2      2.33%     87.21% |           3      3.49%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           2      2.33%     95.35% |           4      4.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     83.33%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          21      3.90%      3.90% |          20      3.71%      7.61% |          56     10.39%     18.00% |          51      9.46%     27.46% |          36      6.68%     34.14% |          36      6.68%     40.82% |           2      0.37%     41.19% |           9      1.67%     42.86% |           6      1.11%     43.97% |           4      0.74%     44.71% |          19      3.53%     48.24% |           8      1.48%     49.72% |          19      3.53%     53.25% |           5      0.93%     54.17% |           2      0.37%     54.55% |           1      0.19%     54.73% |           2      0.37%     55.10% |          14      2.60%     57.70% |          17      3.15%     60.85% |           5      0.93%     61.78% |           2      0.37%     62.15% |          15      2.78%     64.94% |           9      1.67%     66.60% |          13      2.41%     69.02% |          18      3.34%     72.36% |          19      3.53%     75.88% |          35      6.49%     82.37% |          22      4.08%     86.46% |          19      3.53%     89.98% |          18      3.34%     93.32% |          33      6.12%     99.44% |           3      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          87      4.00%      4.00% |          72      3.31%      7.31% |          74      3.40%     10.71% |          62      2.85%     13.56% |          66      3.03%     16.59% |          91      4.18%     20.77% |          78      3.58%     24.36% |          74      3.40%     27.76% |          79      3.63%     31.39% |          77      3.54%     34.93% |          88      4.04%     38.97% |          69      3.17%     42.14% |          62      2.85%     44.99% |          69      3.17%     48.16% |          82      3.77%     51.93% |          53      2.44%     54.37% |          58      2.67%     57.03% |          60      2.76%     59.79% |          64      2.94%     62.73% |          60      2.76%     65.49% |          77      3.54%     69.03% |          49      2.25%     71.28% |          68      3.12%     74.40% |          63      2.90%     77.30% |          57      2.62%     79.92% |          63      2.90%     82.81% |          42      1.93%     84.74% |          53      2.44%     87.18% |          53      2.44%     89.61% |          46      2.11%     91.73% |          56      2.57%     94.30% |         124      5.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2176                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         473      3.15%      3.15% |         411      2.74%      5.89% |         437      2.91%      8.80% |         426      2.84%     11.64% |         437      2.91%     14.55% |         426      2.84%     17.39% |         419      2.79%     20.18% |         448      2.98%     23.16% |         439      2.92%     26.09% |         474      3.16%     29.25% |         486      3.24%     32.49% |         475      3.16%     35.65% |         524      3.49%     39.14% |         535      3.56%     42.70% |         462      3.08%     45.78% |         516      3.44%     49.22% |         526      3.50%     52.72% |         504      3.36%     56.08% |         461      3.07%     59.15% |         424      2.82%     61.98% |         440      2.93%     64.91% |         495      3.30%     68.21% |         478      3.18%     71.39% |         484      3.22%     74.62% |         481      3.20%     77.82% |         510      3.40%     81.22% |         506      3.37%     84.59% |         473      3.15%     87.74% |         472      3.14%     90.89% |         469      3.12%     94.01% |         460      3.06%     97.08% |         439      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15010                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     15.38%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           3     23.08%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           1      7.69%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           2     15.38%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     12.12%     12.12% |           1      3.03%     15.15% |           2      6.06%     21.21% |           0      0.00%     21.21% |           3      9.09%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           1      3.03%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           5     15.15%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           2      6.06%     54.55% |           1      3.03%     57.58% |           0      0.00%     57.58% |           0      0.00%     57.58% |           1      3.03%     60.61% |           2      6.06%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      3.03%     69.70% |           2      6.06%     75.76% |           0      0.00%     75.76% |           1      3.03%     78.79% |           1      3.03%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      3.03%     84.85% |           4     12.12%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23436      3.52%      3.52% |       20757      3.12%      6.64% |       20839      3.13%      9.78% |       20744      3.12%     12.90% |       20727      3.12%     16.01% |       20729      3.12%     19.13% |       20710      3.11%     22.24% |       20706      3.11%     25.35% |       20717      3.11%     28.47% |       20740      3.12%     31.59% |       20778      3.12%     34.71% |       20687      3.11%     37.82% |       20689      3.11%     40.93% |       20690      3.11%     44.04% |       20707      3.11%     47.15% |       20649      3.10%     50.26% |       20674      3.11%     53.37% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20687      3.11%     59.58% |       20672      3.11%     62.69% |       20694      3.11%     65.80% |       20658      3.11%     68.91% |       20697      3.11%     72.02% |       20675      3.11%     75.13% |       20705      3.11%     78.24% |       20708      3.11%     81.36% |       20664      3.11%     84.46% |       20643      3.10%     87.57% |       20694      3.11%     90.68% |       20635      3.10%     93.78% |       20633      3.10%     96.88% |       20749      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       665164                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         479      3.16%      3.16% |         412      2.72%      5.88% |         443      2.92%      8.81% |         433      2.86%     11.66% |         442      2.92%     14.58% |         426      2.81%     17.39% |         420      2.77%     20.17% |         452      2.98%     23.15% |         445      2.94%     26.09% |         483      3.19%     29.27% |         490      3.23%     32.51% |         477      3.15%     35.66% |         532      3.51%     39.17% |         539      3.56%     42.73% |         464      3.06%     45.79% |         521      3.44%     49.23% |         529      3.49%     52.72% |         510      3.37%     56.09% |         463      3.06%     59.14% |         427      2.82%     61.96% |         443      2.92%     64.88% |         500      3.30%     68.18% |         484      3.19%     71.38% |         488      3.22%     74.60% |         486      3.21%     77.81% |         515      3.40%     81.21% |         511      3.37%     84.58% |         476      3.14%     87.72% |         479      3.16%     90.88% |         472      3.12%     94.00% |         466      3.08%     97.08% |         443      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6016      3.16%      3.16% |        5949      3.12%      6.28% |        5956      3.13%      9.41% |        5967      3.13%     12.55% |        5946      3.12%     15.67% |        5947      3.12%     18.79% |        5941      3.12%     21.91% |        5931      3.12%     25.03% |        5974      3.14%     28.17% |        5944      3.12%     31.29% |        5929      3.11%     34.40% |        5950      3.13%     37.53% |        5951      3.13%     40.65% |        5934      3.12%     43.77% |        5932      3.12%     46.89% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.12%     53.13% |        5956      3.13%     56.25% |        5958      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5933      3.12%     71.87% |        5942      3.12%     74.99% |        5948      3.12%     78.11% |        5946      3.12%     81.23% |        5971      3.14%     84.37% |        5955      3.13%     87.50% |        5944      3.12%     90.62% |        5958      3.13%     93.75% |        5975      3.14%     96.89% |        5927      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190390                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           5      9.26%      9.26% |           6     11.11%     20.37% |           3      5.56%     25.93% |           6     11.11%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |           1      1.85%     38.89% |           1      1.85%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           1      1.85%     42.59% |           0      0.00%     42.59% |           0      0.00%     42.59% |           5      9.26%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           2      3.70%     55.56% |           1      1.85%     57.41% |           0      0.00%     57.41% |           0      0.00%     57.41% |          10     18.52%     75.93% |           2      3.70%     79.63% |           0      0.00%     79.63% |           0      0.00%     79.63% |           0      0.00%     79.63% |           0      0.00%     79.63% |           1      1.85%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           2      3.70%     85.19% |           1      1.85%     87.04% |           4      7.41%     94.44% |           1      1.85%     96.30% |           1      1.85%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       78672      7.15%      7.15% |       33611      3.06%     10.21% |       32979      3.00%     13.20% |       33127      3.01%     16.22% |       33217      3.02%     19.23% |       32147      2.92%     22.16% |       32057      2.91%     25.07% |       31776      2.89%     27.96% |       34096      3.10%     31.06% |       32448      2.95%     34.01% |       34394      3.13%     37.13% |       33210      3.02%     40.15% |       32785      2.98%     43.13% |       31824      2.89%     46.03% |       31870      2.90%     48.92% |       31737      2.88%     51.81% |       34342      3.12%     54.93% |       32323      2.94%     57.87% |       33191      3.02%     60.88% |       32741      2.98%     63.86% |       33125      3.01%     66.87% |       32552      2.96%     69.83% |       33106      3.01%     72.84% |       32103      2.92%     75.76% |       33739      3.07%     78.82% |       32436      2.95%     81.77% |       32941      2.99%     84.77% |       31908      2.90%     87.67% |       33259      3.02%     90.69% |       31985      2.91%     93.60% |       34379      3.12%     96.72% |       36051      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1100131                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           4     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           4     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           16                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       75054      4.17%      4.17% |      899951     50.00%     54.17% |      824897     45.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1799902                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       75054      4.17%      4.17% |      899951     50.00%     54.17% |      824897     45.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1799902                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       75054      4.17%      4.17% |      899951     50.00%     54.17% |      824897     45.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1799902                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       75054      4.17%      4.17% |      899951     50.00%     54.17% |      824897     45.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1799902                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
