
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.143157                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                143157487500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5319325566000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31564                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    53413                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54433146                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6133848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2629.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    83011293                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     140473437                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     38261120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          38261120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     18605760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       18605760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       597830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             597830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       290715                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            290715                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    267265937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            267265937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    129967076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           129967076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    397233012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           397233012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     597830                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    290715                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   597830                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  290715                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              38256768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               18605696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               38261120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            18605760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            37316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            37616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            37349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            37564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            37230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            37407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            37893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            37634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            37031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            37290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           37173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           37571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           36967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           36987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           37400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           37334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            18179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            18201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            18201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            18267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            18234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            18250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            18359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            18375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            18019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            18145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           17984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           18072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           18028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           18036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           18225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           18139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1378                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 143156884500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               597830                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              290715                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 287095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  97017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  64073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  47517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  34453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  24534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  16773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  10875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   5593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   3900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  2477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  50200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  55354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  57025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  57428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  57336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   6604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   3608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   3160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       283468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   200.592547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.423284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.873428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        89969     31.74%     31.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        88163     31.10%     62.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71938     25.38%     88.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16974      5.99%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12442      4.39%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2019      0.71%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1073      0.38%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          547      0.19%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          343      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       283468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.855143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.954092                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49953     99.07%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          424      0.84%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           40      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        50422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.765618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.578897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.826459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          44702     88.66%     88.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4351      8.63%     97.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          994      1.97%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          375      0.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        50422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 20251749003                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            31459786503                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                2988810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    33879.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               52629.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      267.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      129.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   267.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   129.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  433273                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 171723                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    161113.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   68.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   22708365750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4780100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   115662014250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1082750760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1060176600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              590786625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              578469375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2340000000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2322340800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            946468800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            937293120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        63274587930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        62795124450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        30386255250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        30806837250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         107970724965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         107850117195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          754.246408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          753.403883                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     37696704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          37696704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     18050624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       18050624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       589011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             589011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       282041                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            282041                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    263323314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            263323314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    126089276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           126089276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    389412590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           389412590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     589011                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    282041                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   589011                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  282041                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              37692288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   4416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               18050624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               37696704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            18050624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    69                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            36790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            37049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            36795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            36979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            36782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            36817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            37533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            37071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            36522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            36666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           36531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           36965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           36481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           36386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           36738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           36837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            17655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            17666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            17697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            17733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            17711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            17724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            17794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            17811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            17488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            17595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           17426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           17533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           17501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           17489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           17620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           17598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1165                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 143156635000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               589011                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              282041                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 278106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                 101677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  63262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  46794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  32836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  23519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  16470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  10806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   3907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  48682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  53729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  55680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  56051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  55355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   6196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   3391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       269756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.638177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.416749                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.549335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        82311     30.51%     30.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81628     30.26%     60.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72365     26.83%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16966      6.29%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12475      4.62%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2074      0.77%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1016      0.38%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          580      0.22%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          341      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       269756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.046739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.108631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48451     99.11%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          409      0.84%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           18      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.769125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.582159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.824108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          43312     88.59%     88.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4201      8.59%     97.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1043      2.13%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          332      0.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 19818822929                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            30861485429                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                2944710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    33651.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               52401.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      263.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      126.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   263.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   126.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  430525                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 170692                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               60.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    164349.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   69.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   23247340500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4780100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   115123039500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1033278120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1005978960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              563792625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              548897250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2307247800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2286226800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            918792720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            908761680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        62040282570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        61802065890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        31468979250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        31677941250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         107682248685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         107579747430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          752.231212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          751.515173                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     37702720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          37702720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     18048448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       18048448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       589105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             589105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       282007                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            282007                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    263365337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            263365337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    126074076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           126074076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    389439414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           389439414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     589105                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    282007                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   589105                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  282007                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              37701312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               18048384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               37702720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            18048448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            37143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            36845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            37065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            36845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            37361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            37072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            36507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            36745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           36579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           37030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           36472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           36382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           36719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           36846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            17643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            17671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            17698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            17729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            17710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            17714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            17732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            17821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            17485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            17613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           17412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           17539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           17511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           17492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           17625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           17611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1317                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 143157444500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               589105                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              282007                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 279988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  99713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  62960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  46966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  33332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  23890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  16448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  10503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   3895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  48668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  53633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  55317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  55860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  55417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   6388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   3584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   3140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       269610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.776663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.403962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.835891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        82672     30.66%     30.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81177     30.11%     60.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72232     26.79%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17074      6.33%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12431      4.61%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2020      0.75%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1066      0.40%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          602      0.22%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          336      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       269610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48866                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.055069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.989622                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48406     99.06%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          420      0.86%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           31      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48866                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.771043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.584805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.818399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          43306     88.62%     88.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4248      8.69%     97.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          974      1.99%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          337      0.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 19919813793                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            30965120043                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                2945415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    33814.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               52564.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      263.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      126.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   263.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   126.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        3.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  430190                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 171281                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               60.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    164338.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   69.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   23320749500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4780100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   115049630500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1031698080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1006455240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              562930500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              549157125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2307177600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2287467000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            918300240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            909040320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        62343731475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        61827811650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        31202796000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        31655357250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         107716509495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         107585164185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          752.470546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          751.553013                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     37654144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          37654144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     18043776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       18043776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       588346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             588346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       281934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            281934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    263026019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            263026019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    126041441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           126041441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    389067460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           389067460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     588347                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    281934                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   588347                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  281934                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              37653056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               18043648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               37654208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            18043776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            36739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            37083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            36707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            37029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            36573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            36808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            37413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            37047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            36422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            36677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           36638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           36931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           36363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           36348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           36763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           36788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            17636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            17663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            17681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            17722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            17696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            17709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            17748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            17817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            17472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            17622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           17418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           17543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           17494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           17493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           17628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           17590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1069                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 143156740500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               588347                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              281934                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 283234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  98055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  63008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  46435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  32941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  23551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  15847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  10128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   3890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  1466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  48681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  53807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  55792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  56281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  55469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   6066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   2609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       269775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.453526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.269136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.393347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        82584     30.61%     30.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81628     30.26%     60.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72161     26.75%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17016      6.31%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12438      4.61%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2006      0.74%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1018      0.38%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          581      0.22%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          343      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       269775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.028972                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.465063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48473     99.11%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          403      0.82%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           25      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.764420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.577042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.831941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          43412     88.76%     88.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4175      8.54%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          931      1.90%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          391      0.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 19829790772                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            30860959522                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                2941645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    33705.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               52455.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      263.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      126.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   263.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   126.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        3.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  429416                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 171062                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               60.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    164494.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   69.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   22805663250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4780100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   115565984250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1031796360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1007649720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              562984125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              549808875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2304065400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2284744800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            918015120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            908871840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        62034430095                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        61568327700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        31474113000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        31882974750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         107675279700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         107552253285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          752.182529                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          751.323108                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1489                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1489                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               258                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              258                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4566                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5598                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              560560                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              137560                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1997500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               26755359                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 72.280159                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                34.953446                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               144.413814                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    24419924     91.27%     91.27% |      381399      1.43%     92.70% |      237887      0.89%     93.59% |      369272      1.38%     94.97% |      744636      2.78%     97.75% |      528913      1.98%     99.73% |       71385      0.27%     99.99% |        1943      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 26755359                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     53890239                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.069086                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.676732                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      6.058021                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    49217761     91.33%     91.33% |     1249911      2.32%     93.65% |       36947      0.07%     93.72% |       79864      0.15%     93.87% |      329451      0.61%     94.48% |      616526      1.14%     95.62% |      874327      1.62%     97.24% |     1072652      1.99%     99.23% |      412800      0.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      53890239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            53890237                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              32.173349                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.329703                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            129.840027                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    52766964     97.92%     97.92% |      963152      1.79%     99.70% |      152514      0.28%     99.99% |        7189      0.01%    100.00% |         406      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              53890237                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        49408097                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000211                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000176                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.016419                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    49398930     99.98%     99.98% |        8120      0.02%    100.00% |         861      0.00%    100.00% |         174      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          49408097                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4482140                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        353.758406                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       246.944099                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       299.826410                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     3358867     74.94%     74.94% |      963152     21.49%     96.43% |      152514      3.40%     99.83% |        7189      0.16%     99.99% |         406      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4482140                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         667890                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       667890                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     35237564                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       896005                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     36133569                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14164260                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14291423                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      3415945                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        38056                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store      1334664                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2035882                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        64000                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6273                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses      3458940                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      3465213                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles      1414922                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       145041                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        82600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        63461                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        73583                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137044                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        64125                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        73763                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137888                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        62990                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        73620                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136610                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        61587                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        73704                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135291                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        62845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        73652                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        61046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        73614                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        61220                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        73502                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134722                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        62576                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        73580                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        62500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        73574                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136074                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        62254                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        73624                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135878                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        62214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        73500                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135714                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        61821                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        73681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        62016                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        73604                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        77280                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        73741                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       151021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        70704                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        73624                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144328                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        61492                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        73481                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       134973                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        62108                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        73568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135676                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        62407                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        73662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136069                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        61581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        73588                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        62959                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        73469                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136428                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        63456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        73554                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       137010                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        63738                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        73628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137366                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        64098                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        73532                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        67171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        73631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140802                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        73803                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        73686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147489                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        62099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        73546                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135645                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        62240                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        73527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135767                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        61590                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        73581                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135171                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        60672                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        73559                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134231                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        61275                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        73649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       134924                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        63500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        73646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     32754805                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     32754805                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     35293879                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     32754805                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     14257078                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     13595821                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     32754805                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.114401                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     11932365                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     11932365                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12131649                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11932365                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6610622                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6606805                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     11932365                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.041676                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     41598407                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     41598407                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     45662723                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     41598407                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity     21043950                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity     20482411                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     41598407                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.145289                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14927035                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14927035                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15124456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14927035                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8366520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8352355                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14927035                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.052135                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8397048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8397048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8447290                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8397048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4000355                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3998476                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8397048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.029328                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9021658                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9021658                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9143583                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9021658                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4341590                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4338850                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9021658                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031510                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     17986959                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     17986959                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19704995                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17986959                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7158400                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6456151                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     17986959                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.062822                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      8167494                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      8167494                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8339195                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8167494                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3220977                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3210710                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      8167494                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.028526                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      7715704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      7715704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7716295                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7715704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4117045                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4117040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      7715704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.026948                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5443315                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5443315                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5444339                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5443315                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2659244                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2659223                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5443315                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.019012                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5242057                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5242057                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5256261                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5242057                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2250000                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2249985                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5242057                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.018309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      8136016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      8136016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8144166                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8136016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4234440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4234420                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      8136016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.028416                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      6124695                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      6124695                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6125780                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6124695                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2850415                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2850399                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      6124695                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.021391                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      5606299                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      5606299                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5614086                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5606299                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2361648                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2361627                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      5606299                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.019581                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      3218757                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      3218757                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3264372                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3218757                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1371249                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1367677                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      3218757                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.011242                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      4876366                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      4876366                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5022614                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4876366                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2099183                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2072310                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      4876366                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.017031                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      8662723                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      8662723                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8828941                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8662723                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3322974                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3272239                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      8662723                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.030256                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      5432517                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      5432517                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5504954                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5432517                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2210295                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2204637                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      5432517                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.018974                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5188920                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5188920                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5262402                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5188920                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2233632                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2228592                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5188920                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018123                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3240084                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3240084                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3342344                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3240084                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1379145                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1375804                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3240084                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.011317                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3974601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3974601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3974676                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3974601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2130066                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2130065                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3974601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013882                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3721211                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3721211                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3721348                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3721211                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1951184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1951171                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3721211                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012997                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3281123                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3281123                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3294150                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3281122                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1560762                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1560762                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3281122                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011460                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2133468                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2133468                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2133468                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2133468                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       957308                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       957308                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2133468                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007451                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3923853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3923853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3923879                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3923853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2080078                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2080077                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3923853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.013705                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3514340                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3514340                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3514424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3514340                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1837754                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1837752                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3514340                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012274                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3183454                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3183454                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3196118                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3183453                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1505281                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1505281                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3183453                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011119                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2144023                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2144023                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2144023                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2144023                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       960563                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       960563                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2144023                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     15072744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     15072744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15476317                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15072744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7633628                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7626260                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     15072744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.052644                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     15523121                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     15523121                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15788043                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15523121                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7869756                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7865709                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     15523121                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.054217                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     10742390                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     10742390                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11103598                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10742390                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4452820                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4440570                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     10742390                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.037519                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     11309645                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     11309645                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11605580                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11309645                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4749724                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4742301                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     11309645                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.039501                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    20227605     27.96%     27.96% |    47745733     65.99%     93.95% |     4379185      6.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     72352523                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    20227605     27.96%     27.96% |    47745735     65.99%     93.95% |     4379185      6.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     72352525                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   734872831                       |  1332682274                       |   105247489                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  2831808381                       |   204820725                       |     4379185                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   36.330195                       |   27.912071                       |   24.033579                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |  139.997216                       |    4.289823                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    30.030779                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    42.030439                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         72.061217                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004134                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.089742      7.05%      7.05% |    0.089635      7.04%     14.09% |    0.088027      6.91%     21.00% |    0.087534      6.87%     27.88% |    0.211083     16.58%     44.45% |    0.207277     16.28%     60.73% |    0.211119     16.58%     77.32% |    0.207269     16.28%     93.59% |    0.020389      1.60%     95.20% |    0.020393      1.60%     96.80% |    0.020390      1.60%     98.40% |    0.020389      1.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.273247                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031892                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.019717                       |    0.000000                       |    0.049935                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005936                       |    0.003852                       |    0.003822                       |    0.003865                       |    0.003823                       |    0.003823                       |    0.003813                       |    0.003795                       |    0.003809                       |    0.003850                       |    0.003871                       |    0.003844                       |    0.003817                       |    0.003840                       |    0.003802                       |    0.003803                       |    0.003833                       |    0.003831                       |    0.003829                       |    0.003826                       |    0.003826                       |    0.004148                       |    0.004007                       |    0.003810                       |    0.003825                       |    0.003833                       |    0.003816                       |    0.003836                       |    0.003851                       |    0.003855                       |    0.003928                       |    0.004070                       |    0.012522                       |    0.012336                       |    0.012338                       |    0.012322                       |    0.000085                       |           0                       |    0.001645                       |    0.003978                       |    0.002334                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003661                       |    0.000086                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003911                       |    0.006224                       |           0                       |    0.003641                       |           0                       |    0.009367                       |    0.007720                       |    0.006219                       |           0                       |    0.003680                       |    0.008148                       |           0                       |    0.018687                       |    0.014895                       |    0.007234                       |    0.072484                       |    0.003655                       |    0.002334                       |    0.023814                       |    0.030423                       |    0.012581                       |           0                       |    0.003690                       |           0                       |    0.015513                       |    0.022840                       |    0.010091                       |           0                       |    0.003667                       |    0.007965                       |           0                       |    0.015717                       |    0.018643                       |    0.008225                       |           0                       |    0.003664                       |           0                       |    0.007668                       |    0.009323                       |    0.007761                       |           0                       |    0.003656                       |           0                       |    0.003825                       |    0.006223                       |           0                       |    0.003910                       |           0                       |    0.000604                       |    0.004148                       |    0.004335                       |           0                       |    0.003658                       |           0                       |    0.000542                       |    0.002582                       |    0.007998                       |    0.004232                       |           0                       |    0.003650                       |           0                       |    0.004736                       |    0.004794                       |    0.010830                       |    0.005318                       |    0.021052                       |    0.005148                       |    0.001645                       |    0.058790                       |    0.009280                       |    0.012727                       |    0.005760                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003670                       |    0.003978                       |    0.002130                       |    0.016327                       |    0.009826                       |    0.005745                       |           0                       |    0.003641                       |           0                       |    0.007517                       |    0.009488                       |    0.004441                       |    0.006423                       |           0                       |    0.003644                       |           0                       |    0.002105                       |    0.007651                       |    0.002218                       |    0.005775                       |           0                       |    0.003655                       |           0                       |    0.000557                       |    0.003833                       |    0.004228                       |           0                       |    0.003769                       |           0                       |    0.000042                       |    0.004007                       |    0.003641                       |           0                       |    0.003683                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003118                       |    0.007878                       |    0.003630                       |           0                       |    0.003750                       |    0.007965                       |           0                       |    0.000993                       |    0.006199                       |    0.014982                       |    0.003630                       |           0                       |    0.003644                       |           0                       |    0.047367                       |    0.005079                       |    0.003078                       |    0.003655                       |           0                       |    0.003631                       |           0                       |    0.001538                       |    0.015636                       |    0.004070                       |    0.003652                       |           0                       |    0.003841                       |    0.007959                       |           0                       |    0.001986                       |    0.015909                       |    0.006151                       |    0.003656                       |           0                       |    0.003657                       |           0                       |    0.001539                       |    0.007655                       |    0.003075                       |    0.003655                       |           0                       |    0.003651                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003816                       |    0.003653                       |           0                       |    0.003641                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003810                       |           0                       |    0.003630                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007612                       |           0                       |    0.003630                       |           0                       |    0.002978                       |           0                       |    0.010423                       |           0                       |    0.003655                       |           0                       |    0.022632                       |    0.001986                       |    0.001984                       |           0                       |    0.003652                       |           0                       |    0.000000                       |    0.012345                       |    0.002976                       |           0                       |    0.003656                       |           0                       |    0.004961                       |    0.009507                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003655                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007662                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003653                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003836                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.273247                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        11818630                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     11818630                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       390202                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      8340655                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         7724242                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     92.609537                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         1661362                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30140                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             24061139                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86653                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            26590949                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181407                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         24147792                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        26772356                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  50652088                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  268060                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              50920148                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14298532                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9782                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14308314                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14298532                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9782                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14308314                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                282768593                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     46107327                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               91422463                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            11818630                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9385604                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             231104476                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          909462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             146186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       185577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       313979                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       347233                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14297864                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        231210                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3971                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    278662786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.569020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.812393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        248452928     89.16%     89.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2507055      0.90%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3664122      1.31%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1417025      0.51%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4057092      1.46%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2416300      0.87%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6053798      2.17%     96.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           910085      0.33%     96.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9184381      3.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    278662786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.041796                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.323312                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15036536                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     242436672                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           7079639                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      13655201                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454731                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      154074151                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454731                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         18708976                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       147498991                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13518980                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          15880463                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      82600638                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      152070011                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       21542976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    154164588                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     346062974                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    236850518                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     140660396                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13504190                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363839                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367405                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          80395875                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     14889652                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     27004511                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6740519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      6513659                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          149166733                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1653209                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         156941978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326847                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10026791                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14644337                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137231                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    278662786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.215893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    206304678     74.03%     74.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     35100453     12.60%     86.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14002997      5.03%     91.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10249612      3.68%     95.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5048117      1.81%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6040243      2.17%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083792      0.39%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472892      0.17%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       360002      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    278662786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113413      9.71%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913412     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141626     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417592      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     105644068     67.31%     67.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52441      0.03%     67.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52164      0.03%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     23966213     15.27%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     26809491     17.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      156941978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.555019                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168451                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007445                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594041878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160855604                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146350396                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      157692753                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5960616                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1473680                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2667                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9239                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       742419                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     13216977                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454731                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        10836173                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     112892388                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150819942                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      14889652                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     27004511                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1643769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         790363                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9239                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131592                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330575                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       462167                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     156228914                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      23750671                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             50353920                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         10375763                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           26603249                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.552497                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              146459473                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             146350450                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78591412                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         136305218                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.517563                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.576584                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10260382                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1515978                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       404411                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    276976516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.466216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225538961     81.43%     81.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22836610      8.24%     89.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11980926      4.33%     94.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3546581      1.28%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2760385      1.00%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2525553      0.91%     97.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155476      0.42%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       623124      0.22%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6008900      2.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    276976516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     83011292                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      140473434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               39678063                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              13415971                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            9850131                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         139267924                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      1576764                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178856      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    100514421     71.55%     71.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51158      0.04%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50927      0.04%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     13415971      9.55%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     26262092     18.70%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    140473434                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       6008900                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            421450790                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           303164534                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88128                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4105807                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            83011292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             140473434                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.406387                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.406387                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.293566                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.293566                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        246642625                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       108148967                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          41128580                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         38810585                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        70423540                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357906                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              30544105000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            30544105000.000034                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.14748e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+10-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.50324e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.50324e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-1.93274e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.93274e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+10-2.36223e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.36223e+10-2.57698e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.57698e+10-2.79173e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.79173e+10-3.00648e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.00648e+10-3.22123e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+10-3.43597e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.43597e+10-3.65072e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.65072e+10-3.86547e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.86547e+10-4.08022e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.08022e+10-4.29497e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      13181656                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean       116.021908                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       46.964213                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      195.618415                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    10889496     82.61%     82.61% |      339051      2.57%     85.18% |      236964      1.80%     86.98% |      369268      2.80%     89.78% |      744636      5.65%     95.43% |      528913      4.01%     99.44% |       71385      0.54%     99.99% |        1943      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        13181656                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      13548805                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.815506                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.247939                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.877704                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    13049454     96.31%     96.31% |      456076      3.37%     99.68% |       37188      0.27%     99.96% |        5160      0.04%     99.99% |         858      0.01%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        13548805                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         24898                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.340951                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.011552                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.210124                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         864      3.47%      3.47% |        2870     11.53%     15.00% |       11287     45.33%     60.33% |        5993     24.07%     84.40% |        3773     15.15%     99.55% |         102      0.41%     99.96% |           9      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           24898                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         12075388                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           61.922691                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           7.669456                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         151.241411                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    11762976     97.41%     97.41% |      278667      2.31%     99.72% |       31414      0.26%     99.98% |        2204      0.02%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           12075388                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      9366097                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000819                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000685                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.032570                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9359369     99.93%     99.93% |        5974      0.06%     99.99% |         579      0.01%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        9366097                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2709291                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     265.617299                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    196.633065                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    220.128060                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2396879     88.47%     88.47% |      278667     10.29%     98.75% |       31414      1.16%     99.91% |        2204      0.08%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2709291                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         27243331                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           34.107883                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.016996                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         149.396542                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    26432870     97.03%     97.03% |      684087      2.51%     99.54% |      121098      0.44%     99.98% |        4985      0.02%    100.00% |         283      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           27243331                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     25618595                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000103                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000087                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.011311                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    25616258     99.99%     99.99% |        2044      0.01%    100.00% |         282      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       25618595                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1624736                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     524.610725                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    400.640466                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    344.086774                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      814275     50.12%     50.12% |      684087     42.10%     92.22% |      121098      7.45%     99.68% |        4985      0.31%     99.98% |         283      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1624736                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14291421                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.764153                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.087978                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       9.975322                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14274811     99.88%     99.88% |       13128      0.09%     99.98% |        3071      0.02%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |         144      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14291421                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14164260                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000266                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14164259    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14164260                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127161                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.881890                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.253924                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    62.236610                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110551     86.94%     86.94% |       13128     10.32%     97.26% |        3071      2.42%     99.68% |         123      0.10%     99.77% |         144      0.11%     99.89% |         117      0.09%     99.98% |          23      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127161                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278787                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     11.029478                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.871909                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.372776                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273630     98.15%     98.15% |        3924      1.41%     99.56% |        1028      0.37%     99.93% |          93      0.03%     99.96% |          54      0.02%     99.98% |          51      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278787                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257868                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019787                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257767     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257868                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20919                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   110.003824                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.783950                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    83.910548                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15762     75.35%     75.35% |        3924     18.76%     94.11% |        1028      4.91%     99.02% |          93      0.44%     99.46% |          54      0.26%     99.72% |          51      0.24%     99.97% |           7      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20919                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       311681                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7350474                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       159217                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   578284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                  1000698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 576820                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                1309478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   675559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                  1296872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses              1155104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses              2310176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                16284131                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                25076825                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  663584                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                 1818656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                 491520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                 491520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               293904                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               728047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             369680                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses            1090609                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits              284380                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits              272651                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses            207140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses            218869                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               24355898                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               36654789                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    3072                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              15652714                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              27655125                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles           24418823                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles           45064233                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles             14141325                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles             13123887                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         15652714                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         27655125                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time      16778368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time      31457664                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time        14113069                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time        13123887                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           22350692                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           32243612                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         237463221                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         42469329                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         48469682                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0            102627                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0            209054                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             83014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             76203                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             60828                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2            136164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1712655                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         5397803                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      597805     25.28%     25.28% |      589011     24.91%     50.20% |      589105     24.92%     75.12% |      588347     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2364268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      284857     25.59%     25.59% |      276170     24.81%     50.40% |      276136     24.81%     75.20% |      276063     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1113226                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      597830     25.29%     25.29% |      589011     24.91%     50.20% |      589104     24.92%     75.12% |      588346     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2364291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      290715     25.58%     25.58% |      282041     24.81%     50.39% |      282007     24.81%     75.20% |      281934     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1136697                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      304756     25.02%     25.02% |      304649     25.01%     50.02% |      304777     25.02%     75.04% |      304092     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1218274                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      597805     25.28%     25.28% |      589011     24.91%     50.20% |      589105     24.92%     75.12% |      588347     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2364268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      284612     25.58%     25.58% |      275993     24.81%     50.39% |      275959     24.81%     75.20% |      275886     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1112450                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      304756     25.02%     25.02% |      304649     25.01%     50.02% |      304777     25.02%     75.04% |      304092     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1218274                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      597805     25.29%     25.29% |      589011     24.91%     50.20% |      589104     24.92%     75.12% |      588346     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2364266                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      284612     25.58%     25.58% |      275993     24.81%     50.39% |      275959     24.81%     75.20% |      275886     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1112450                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     9597406     79.45%     79.45% |          34      0.00%     79.45% |     2482596     20.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     12080036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14291464    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14291464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    26543764     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |      983497      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     27527261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       24859     99.86%     99.86% |          34      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        24893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1027720     18.80%     18.80% |           0      0.00%     18.80% |     4437528     81.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5465248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      230043      8.49%      8.49% |          29      0.00%      8.49% |     2478522     91.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2708594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      793105     44.72%     44.72% |           0      0.00%     44.72% |      980418     55.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1773523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886799     20.41%     20.41% |           0      0.00%     20.41% |     3458428     79.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4345227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225916      8.35%      8.35% |          17      0.00%      8.35% |     2478522     91.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2704455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122901    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      665039     40.42%     40.42% |           0      0.00%     40.42% |      980418     59.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1645457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11163    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        4819     99.65%     99.65% |          17      0.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         4836                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4262    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         213    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3558    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         3558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        24988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14164260    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14164260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5317     99.91%     99.91% |           5      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122475    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       122475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3170568     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |        3654      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3174222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38532    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        7789     99.63%     99.63% |          29      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         7818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      183602      6.90%      6.90% |           0      0.00%      6.90% |     2478225     93.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2661827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     6166887    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      6166887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    25836589     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |        2619      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     25839208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         590    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703197     41.77%     41.77% |           0      0.00%     41.77% |      980203     58.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1683400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12258      1.93%      1.93% |           0      0.00%      1.93% |      623201     98.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       635459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      230043      8.49%      8.49% |          29      0.00%      8.49% |     2478522     91.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2708594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127853    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      0.73%      0.73% |           0      0.00%      0.73% |      355899     99.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total       358529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665252     40.42%     40.42% |           0      0.00%     40.42% |      980418     59.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1645670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4228     90.96%     90.96% |           0      0.00%     90.96% |         420      9.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3373     88.00%     88.00% |           0      0.00%     88.00% |         460     12.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886799     20.41%     20.41% |           0      0.00%     20.41% |     3458428     79.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4345227                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3937      3.09%      3.09% |        3805      2.99%      6.08% |        3552      2.79%      8.87% |        3550      2.79%     11.66% |        3629      2.85%     14.51% |        4100      3.22%     17.73% |        3818      3.00%     20.73% |        3384      2.66%     23.39% |        3700      2.91%     26.29% |        5254      4.13%     30.42% |        4070      3.20%     33.61% |        3882      3.05%     36.66% |        3770      2.96%     39.62% |        4450      3.50%     43.12% |        3952      3.10%     46.22% |        3863      3.03%     49.26% |        4292      3.37%     52.63% |        4257      3.34%     55.97% |        3721      2.92%     58.89% |        3362      2.64%     61.53% |        3145      2.47%     64.00% |        3814      3.00%     67.00% |        3607      2.83%     69.83% |        3461      2.72%     72.55% |        3700      2.91%     75.46% |        3863      3.03%     78.49% |        3336      2.62%     81.11% |        4779      3.75%     84.86% |        4068      3.19%     88.06% |        5405      4.25%     92.30% |        5231      4.11%     96.41% |        4567      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127324                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158845      5.86%      5.86% |       82571      3.05%      8.91% |       81294      3.00%     11.91% |       82427      3.04%     14.95% |       81603      3.01%     17.96% |       81471      3.01%     20.97% |       80876      2.98%     23.96% |       80877      2.99%     26.94% |       81076      2.99%     29.93% |       81407      3.00%     32.94% |       83222      3.07%     36.01% |       82601      3.05%     39.06% |       81565      3.01%     42.07% |       81505      3.01%     45.08% |       80809      2.98%     48.06% |       80904      2.99%     51.05% |       81814      3.02%     54.07% |       81299      3.00%     57.07% |       81657      3.01%     60.08% |       81875      3.02%     63.10% |       81774      3.02%     66.12% |       90367      3.34%     69.46% |       88632      3.27%     72.73% |       81223      3.00%     75.72% |       81248      3.00%     78.72% |       81868      3.02%     81.74% |       81153      3.00%     84.74% |       80981      2.99%     87.73% |       81715      3.02%     90.74% |       81010      2.99%     93.73% |       81866      3.02%     96.76% |       87891      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2709426                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64859      3.94%      3.94% |       50668      3.08%      7.02% |       50656      3.08%     10.10% |       51657      3.14%     13.24% |       50413      3.06%     16.30% |       50196      3.05%     19.35% |       50478      3.07%     22.42% |       49970      3.04%     25.45% |       50159      3.05%     28.50% |       50485      3.07%     31.57% |       50611      3.08%     34.64% |       50127      3.05%     37.69% |       50003      3.04%     40.73% |       50543      3.07%     43.80% |       49896      3.03%     46.83% |       49957      3.04%     49.87% |       50050      3.04%     52.91% |       50518      3.07%     55.98% |       50500      3.07%     59.05% |       50476      3.07%     62.11% |       50762      3.08%     65.20% |       56952      3.46%     68.66% |       52094      3.17%     71.82% |       50301      3.06%     74.88% |       50728      3.08%     77.96% |       50339      3.06%     81.02% |       50680      3.08%     84.10% |       50671      3.08%     87.18% |       51225      3.11%     90.29% |       50994      3.10%     93.39% |       53738      3.27%     96.65% |       55063      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1645769                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      223262      5.14%      5.14% |      132967      3.06%      8.20% |      131677      3.03%     11.23% |      133784      3.08%     14.31% |      131770      3.03%     17.34% |      131005      3.01%     20.35% |      131097      3.02%     23.37% |      130576      3.00%     26.37% |      130983      3.01%     29.39% |      131618      3.03%     32.42% |      133490      3.07%     35.49% |      132435      3.05%     38.54% |      131338      3.02%     41.56% |      131768      3.03%     44.59% |      130426      3.00%     47.59% |      130609      3.01%     50.60% |      131625      3.03%     53.63% |      131571      3.03%     56.65% |      131878      3.03%     59.69% |      132097      3.04%     62.73% |      132172      3.04%     65.77% |      146792      3.38%     69.15% |      140425      3.23%     72.38% |      131275      3.02%     75.40% |      131714      3.03%     78.43% |      131928      3.04%     81.47% |      131575      3.03%     84.50% |      131403      3.02%     87.52% |      132670      3.05%     90.57% |      131737      3.03%     93.60% |      135322      3.11%     96.72% |      142635      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      4345624                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       43134      3.88%      3.88% |       34464      3.10%      6.98% |       34471      3.10%     10.08% |       34462      3.10%     13.18% |       34443      3.10%     16.27% |       34462      3.10%     19.37% |       34460      3.10%     22.47% |       34464      3.10%     25.57% |       34472      3.10%     28.67% |       34484      3.10%     31.77% |       34474      3.10%     34.87% |       34471      3.10%     37.97% |       34453      3.10%     41.07% |       34471      3.10%     44.17% |       34459      3.10%     47.27% |       34465      3.10%     50.37% |       34502      3.10%     53.47% |       34497      3.10%     56.57% |       34505      3.10%     59.68% |       34497      3.10%     62.78% |       34480      3.10%     65.88% |       34507      3.10%     68.98% |       34497      3.10%     72.09% |       34492      3.10%     75.19% |       34499      3.10%     78.29% |       34502      3.10%     81.39% |       34494      3.10%     84.49% |       34481      3.10%     87.60% |       34491      3.10%     90.70% |       34480      3.10%     93.80% |       34478      3.10%     96.90% |       34486      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1111997                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       38353      3.15%      3.15% |       38072      3.12%      6.27% |       38164      3.13%      9.40% |       38023      3.12%     12.52% |       38057      3.12%     15.64% |       38019      3.12%     18.76% |       38075      3.12%     21.89% |       38049      3.12%     25.01% |       38131      3.13%     28.14% |       38116      3.13%     31.27% |       38242      3.14%     34.40% |       38103      3.13%     37.53% |       38204      3.13%     40.67% |       38135      3.13%     43.80% |       38109      3.13%     46.92% |       37991      3.12%     50.04% |       38031      3.12%     53.16% |       38031      3.12%     56.28% |       38073      3.12%     59.40% |       37957      3.11%     62.52% |       38078      3.12%     65.64% |       38186      3.13%     68.78% |       38081      3.12%     71.90% |       37943      3.11%     75.01% |       38023      3.12%     78.13% |       38114      3.13%     81.26% |       38047      3.12%     84.38% |       37942      3.11%     87.50% |       38017      3.12%     90.62% |       38102      3.13%     93.74% |       38107      3.13%     96.87% |       38152      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1218727                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       82600      3.49%      3.49% |       73583      3.11%      6.61% |       73681      3.12%      9.72% |       73532      3.11%     12.83% |       73546      3.11%     15.94% |       73527      3.11%     19.05% |       73581      3.11%     22.17% |       73559      3.11%     25.28% |       73649      3.12%     28.39% |       73646      3.11%     31.51% |       73763      3.12%     34.63% |       73620      3.11%     37.74% |       73704      3.12%     40.86% |       73652      3.12%     43.97% |       73614      3.11%     47.09% |       73502      3.11%     50.20% |       73580      3.11%     53.31% |       73574      3.11%     56.42% |       73624      3.11%     59.53% |       73500      3.11%     62.64% |       73604      3.11%     65.76% |       73739      3.12%     68.87% |       73623      3.11%     71.99% |       73481      3.11%     75.10% |       73568      3.11%     78.21% |       73662      3.12%     81.32% |       73587      3.11%     84.44% |       73468      3.11%     87.54% |       73554      3.11%     90.65% |       73628      3.11%     93.77% |       73631      3.11%     96.88% |       73684      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2364266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       81576      3.50%      3.50% |       72559      3.11%      6.61% |       72657      3.12%      9.73% |       72508      3.11%     12.84% |       72522      3.11%     15.95% |       72503      3.11%     19.06% |       72557      3.11%     22.17% |       72535      3.11%     25.28% |       72625      3.11%     28.40% |       72622      3.11%     31.51% |       72739      3.12%     34.63% |       72596      3.11%     37.74% |       72680      3.12%     40.86% |       72628      3.12%     43.98% |       72590      3.11%     47.09% |       72478      3.11%     50.20% |       72556      3.11%     53.31% |       72550      3.11%     56.42% |       72600      3.11%     59.54% |       72476      3.11%     62.64% |       72580      3.11%     65.76% |       72715      3.12%     68.88% |       72599      3.11%     71.99% |       72457      3.11%     75.10% |       72544      3.11%     78.21% |       72638      3.12%     81.32% |       72563      3.11%     84.44% |       72444      3.11%     87.54% |       72530      3.11%     90.66% |       72604      3.11%     93.77% |       72607      3.11%     96.88% |       72660      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2331498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          76     12.77%     12.77% |          10      1.68%     14.45% |          34      5.71%     20.17% |          25      4.20%     24.37% |           4      0.67%     25.04% |           3      0.50%     25.55% |           0      0.00%     25.55% |           5      0.84%     26.39% |          17      2.86%     29.24% |           1      0.17%     29.41% |          18      3.03%     32.44% |           5      0.84%     33.28% |           9      1.51%     34.79% |           4      0.67%     35.46% |           6      1.01%     36.47% |           5      0.84%     37.31% |           2      0.34%     37.65% |           7      1.18%     38.82% |           7      1.18%     40.00% |          19      3.19%     43.19% |          67     11.26%     54.45% |          77     12.94%     67.39% |          11      1.85%     69.24% |           9      1.51%     70.76% |          13      2.18%     72.94% |          13      2.18%     75.13% |          19      3.19%     78.32% |          20      3.36%     81.68% |          26      4.37%     86.05% |          33      5.55%     91.60% |          46      7.73%     99.33% |           4      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          595                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         833      3.43%      3.43% |         697      2.87%      6.30% |         705      2.90%      9.20% |         688      2.83%     12.03% |         704      2.90%     14.93% |         701      2.89%     17.81% |         696      2.86%     20.68% |         744      3.06%     23.74% |         758      3.12%     26.86% |         744      3.06%     29.92% |         788      3.24%     33.16% |         792      3.26%     36.42% |         837      3.44%     39.87% |         812      3.34%     43.21% |         756      3.11%     46.32% |         770      3.17%     49.49% |         766      3.15%     52.64% |         779      3.21%     55.85% |         760      3.13%     58.98% |         711      2.93%     61.90% |         705      2.90%     64.80% |         861      3.54%     68.35% |         772      3.18%     71.52% |         740      3.05%     74.57% |         770      3.17%     77.74% |         840      3.46%     81.20% |         758      3.12%     84.32% |         710      2.92%     87.24% |         723      2.98%     90.21% |         775      3.19%     93.40% |         772      3.18%     96.58% |         831      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        24298                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      223660      5.14%      5.14% |      133227      3.06%      8.20% |      131946      3.03%     11.23% |      134049      3.08%     14.31% |      132005      3.03%     17.34% |      131279      3.01%     20.35% |      131331      3.02%     23.37% |      130842      3.00%     26.37% |      131230      3.01%     29.39% |      131892      3.03%     32.42% |      133803      3.07%     35.49% |      132720      3.05%     38.54% |      131560      3.02%     41.56% |      132045      3.03%     44.59% |      130683      3.00%     47.59% |      130854      3.01%     50.60% |      131856      3.03%     53.62% |      131810      3.03%     56.65% |      132109      3.03%     59.69% |      132336      3.04%     62.73% |      132473      3.04%     65.77% |      147200      3.38%     69.15% |      140719      3.23%     72.38% |      131510      3.02%     75.40% |      131970      3.03%     78.43% |      132204      3.04%     81.47% |      131830      3.03%     84.49% |      131646      3.02%     87.52% |      132940      3.05%     90.57% |      132004      3.03%     93.60% |      135600      3.11%     96.72% |      142949      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4354282                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         524      3.18%      3.18% |         460      2.79%      5.97% |         481      2.92%      8.89% |         461      2.80%     11.69% |         482      2.92%     14.61% |         441      2.68%     17.29% |         476      2.89%     20.17% |         500      3.03%     23.21% |         536      3.25%     26.46% |         484      2.94%     29.40% |         504      3.06%     32.45% |         512      3.11%     35.56% |         614      3.73%     39.29% |         550      3.34%     42.62% |         513      3.11%     45.73% |         539      3.27%     49.00% |         548      3.32%     52.33% |         561      3.40%     55.73% |         542      3.29%     59.02% |         493      2.99%     62.01% |         482      2.92%     64.94% |         536      3.25%     68.19% |         503      3.05%     71.24% |         487      2.95%     74.20% |         530      3.22%     77.41% |         588      3.57%     80.98% |         527      3.20%     84.18% |         482      2.92%     87.10% |         484      2.94%     90.04% |         559      3.39%     93.43% |         550      3.34%     96.77% |         533      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16482                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       47359      3.82%      3.82% |       38489      3.11%      6.93% |       38553      3.11%     10.04% |       38423      3.10%     13.14% |       38436      3.10%     16.24% |       38450      3.10%     19.34% |       38471      3.10%     22.45% |       38430      3.10%     25.55% |       38471      3.10%     28.66% |       38523      3.11%     31.76% |       38637      3.12%     34.88% |       38465      3.10%     37.99% |       38453      3.10%     41.09% |       38469      3.10%     44.19% |       38470      3.10%     47.30% |       38336      3.09%     50.39% |       38388      3.10%     53.49% |       38364      3.10%     56.59% |       38436      3.10%     59.69% |       38372      3.10%     62.79% |       38422      3.10%     65.89% |       38517      3.11%     68.99% |       38488      3.11%     72.10% |       38356      3.10%     75.20% |       38392      3.10%     78.29% |       38438      3.10%     81.40% |       38410      3.10%     84.50% |       38342      3.09%     87.59% |       38430      3.10%     90.69% |       38421      3.10%     93.79% |       38413      3.10%     96.89% |       38517      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1239141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       34717      3.13%      3.13% |       34634      3.12%      6.26% |       34647      3.13%      9.38% |       34648      3.13%     12.51% |       34628      3.12%     15.63% |       34636      3.12%     18.75% |       34634      3.12%     21.88% |       34629      3.12%     25.00% |       34642      3.12%     28.13% |       34639      3.12%     31.25% |       34622      3.12%     34.37% |       34643      3.12%     37.50% |       34637      3.12%     40.62% |       34633      3.12%     43.75% |       34631      3.12%     46.87% |       34627      3.12%     49.99% |       34644      3.12%     53.12% |       34649      3.13%     56.24% |       34646      3.13%     59.37% |       34635      3.12%     62.49% |       34700      3.13%     65.62% |       34686      3.13%     68.75% |       34633      3.12%     71.88% |       34638      3.12%     75.00% |       34646      3.13%     78.12% |       34636      3.12%     81.25% |       34650      3.13%     84.37% |       34645      3.12%     87.50% |       34640      3.12%     90.62% |       34648      3.13%     93.75% |       34668      3.13%     96.88% |       34634      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1108645                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          44      6.36%      6.36% |          12      1.73%      8.09% |           4      0.58%      8.67% |          31      4.48%     13.15% |          11      1.59%     14.74% |         388     56.07%     70.81% |          22      3.18%     73.99% |           5      0.72%     74.71% |           5      0.72%     75.43% |           0      0.00%     75.43% |          15      2.17%     77.60% |           8      1.16%     78.76% |           2      0.29%     79.05% |           2      0.29%     79.34% |          25      3.61%     82.95% |           5      0.72%     83.67% |           8      1.16%     84.83% |           7      1.01%     85.84% |          48      6.94%     92.77% |          16      2.31%     95.09% |           2      0.29%     95.38% |           5      0.72%     96.10% |           2      0.29%     96.39% |           2      0.29%     96.68% |           6      0.87%     97.54% |           2      0.29%     97.83% |           2      0.29%     98.12% |           3      0.43%     98.55% |           2      0.29%     98.84% |           0      0.00%     98.84% |           5      0.72%     99.57% |           3      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          692                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         525      3.19%      3.19% |         461      2.80%      5.99% |         480      2.92%      8.91% |         461      2.80%     11.71% |         483      2.93%     14.64% |         444      2.70%     17.34% |         475      2.89%     20.22% |         499      3.03%     23.26% |         534      3.24%     26.50% |         482      2.93%     29.43% |         506      3.07%     32.50% |         514      3.12%     35.63% |         610      3.71%     39.33% |         548      3.33%     42.66% |         512      3.11%     45.77% |         536      3.26%     49.03% |         546      3.32%     52.35% |         558      3.39%     55.74% |         543      3.30%     59.03% |         492      2.99%     62.02% |         480      2.92%     64.94% |         536      3.26%     68.20% |         503      3.06%     71.25% |         488      2.96%     74.22% |         530      3.22%     77.44% |         587      3.57%     81.00% |         527      3.20%     84.20% |         481      2.92%     87.13% |         483      2.93%     90.06% |         556      3.38%     93.44% |         549      3.34%     96.77% |         531      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16460                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      111441      7.58%      7.58% |       44070      3.00%     10.58% |       42737      2.91%     13.49% |       43969      2.99%     16.48% |       43156      2.94%     19.42% |       42633      2.90%     22.32% |       42382      2.88%     25.21% |       42442      2.89%     28.09% |       42600      2.90%     30.99% |       42884      2.92%     33.91% |       44555      3.03%     36.94% |       44128      3.00%     39.95% |       43104      2.93%     42.88% |       43033      2.93%     45.81% |       42313      2.88%     48.69% |       42561      2.90%     51.58% |       43418      2.95%     54.54% |       42928      2.92%     57.46% |       43169      2.94%     60.40% |       43486      2.96%     63.36% |       43349      2.95%     66.31% |       51769      3.52%     69.83% |       50137      3.41%     73.24% |       42853      2.92%     76.16% |       42849      2.92%     79.07% |       43427      2.96%     82.03% |       42738      2.91%     84.94% |       42633      2.90%     87.84% |       43283      2.95%     90.79% |       42589      2.90%     93.68% |       43448      2.96%     96.64% |       49369      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1469453                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       30141      5.61%      5.61% |       16032      2.99%      8.60% |       16008      2.98%     11.58% |       17008      3.17%     14.75% |       15785      2.94%     17.69% |       15559      2.90%     20.58% |       15844      2.95%     23.53% |       15341      2.86%     26.39% |       15517      2.89%     29.28% |       15844      2.95%     32.23% |       15989      2.98%     35.21% |       15484      2.88%     38.09% |       15361      2.86%     40.95% |       15910      2.96%     43.91% |       15265      2.84%     46.76% |       15330      2.85%     49.61% |       15406      2.87%     52.48% |       15869      2.96%     55.44% |       15850      2.95%     58.39% |       15840      2.95%     61.34% |       16001      2.98%     64.32% |       22228      4.14%     68.46% |       17461      3.25%     71.71% |       15663      2.92%     74.62% |       16080      2.99%     77.62% |       15703      2.92%     80.54% |       16030      2.99%     83.53% |       16026      2.98%     86.51% |       16585      3.09%     89.60% |       16346      3.04%     92.64% |       19070      3.55%     96.20% |       20429      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       537005                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       43129      3.88%      3.88% |       34459      3.10%      6.98% |       34466      3.10%     10.08% |       34458      3.10%     13.18% |       34442      3.10%     16.28% |       34459      3.10%     19.37% |       34457      3.10%     22.47% |       34461      3.10%     25.57% |       34470      3.10%     28.67% |       34482      3.10%     31.77% |       34469      3.10%     34.87% |       34467      3.10%     37.97% |       34451      3.10%     41.07% |       34469      3.10%     44.17% |       34456      3.10%     47.27% |       34463      3.10%     50.37% |       34501      3.10%     53.48% |       34495      3.10%     56.58% |       34502      3.10%     59.68% |       34484      3.10%     62.78% |       34475      3.10%     65.88% |       34500      3.10%     68.99% |       34491      3.10%     72.09% |       34487      3.10%     75.19% |       34491      3.10%     78.29% |       34497      3.10%     81.39% |       34491      3.10%     84.50% |       34478      3.10%     87.60% |       34479      3.10%     90.70% |       34467      3.10%     93.80% |       34471      3.10%     96.90% |       34475      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1111842                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       37505      3.14%      3.14% |       37370      3.13%      6.27% |       37430      3.13%      9.41% |       37314      3.12%     12.53% |       37350      3.13%     15.66% |       37318      3.13%     18.78% |       37382      3.13%     21.91% |       37304      3.12%     25.04% |       37358      3.13%     28.17% |       37374      3.13%     31.30% |       37441      3.14%     34.43% |       37310      3.12%     37.56% |       37360      3.13%     40.69% |       37321      3.13%     43.81% |       37350      3.13%     46.94% |       37218      3.12%     50.06% |       37264      3.12%     53.18% |       37247      3.12%     56.30% |       37309      3.12%     59.42% |       37240      3.12%     62.54% |       37311      3.12%     65.67% |       37257      3.12%     68.79% |       37304      3.12%     71.91% |       37200      3.12%     75.02% |       37248      3.12%     78.14% |       37266      3.12%     81.27% |       37274      3.12%     84.39% |       37215      3.12%     87.50% |       37280      3.12%     90.63% |       37307      3.12%     93.75% |       37296      3.12%     96.87% |       37330      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1194053                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      223256      5.14%      5.14% |      132959      3.06%      8.20% |      131669      3.03%     11.23% |      133777      3.08%     14.31% |      131762      3.03%     17.34% |      131000      3.01%     20.35% |      131093      3.02%     23.37% |      130570      3.00%     26.38% |      130971      3.01%     29.39% |      131607      3.03%     32.42% |      133483      3.07%     35.49% |      132417      3.05%     38.54% |      131308      3.02%     41.56% |      131758      3.03%     44.59% |      130416      3.00%     47.59% |      130595      3.01%     50.60% |      131614      3.03%     53.63% |      131561      3.03%     56.66% |      131867      3.03%     59.69% |      132079      3.04%     62.73% |      132159      3.04%     65.77% |      146778      3.38%     69.15% |      140419      3.23%     72.38% |      131228      3.02%     75.40% |      131700      3.03%     78.43% |      131919      3.04%     81.47% |      131560      3.03%     84.50% |      131377      3.02%     87.52% |      132655      3.05%     90.57% |      131731      3.03%     93.60% |      135312      3.11%     96.72% |      142627      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      4345227                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           4      2.96%      2.96% |           4      2.96%      5.93% |           4      2.96%      8.89% |           3      2.22%     11.11% |           1      0.74%     11.85% |           0      0.00%     11.85% |           1      0.74%     12.59% |           3      2.22%     14.81% |           2      1.48%     16.30% |           1      0.74%     17.04% |           5      3.70%     20.74% |           4      2.96%     23.70% |           1      0.74%     24.44% |           2      1.48%     25.93% |           2      1.48%     27.41% |           2      1.48%     28.89% |           1      0.74%     29.63% |           2      1.48%     31.11% |           2      1.48%     32.59% |          13      9.63%     42.22% |           5      3.70%     45.93% |           5      3.70%     49.63% |           6      4.44%     54.07% |           5      3.70%     57.78% |           6      4.44%     62.22% |           5      3.70%     65.93% |           2      1.48%     67.41% |           3      2.22%     69.63% |          12      8.89%     78.52% |          13      9.63%     88.15% |           7      5.19%     93.33% |           9      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         323      3.93%      3.93% |         241      2.93%      6.87% |         254      3.09%      9.96% |         248      3.02%     12.98% |         224      2.73%     15.70% |         257      3.13%     18.83% |         218      2.65%     21.49% |         246      2.99%     24.48% |         239      2.91%     27.39% |         260      3.17%     30.56% |         295      3.59%     34.15% |         279      3.40%     37.55% |         234      2.85%     40.39% |         266      3.24%     43.63% |         247      3.01%     46.64% |         237      2.89%     49.53% |         221      2.69%     52.22% |         226      2.75%     54.97% |         221      2.69%     57.66% |         225      2.74%     60.40% |         287      3.49%     63.89% |         393      4.78%     68.68% |         274      3.34%     72.01% |         255      3.10%     75.12% |         245      2.98%     78.10% |         261      3.18%     81.28% |         246      2.99%     84.27% |         246      2.99%     87.27% |         254      3.09%     90.36% |         239      2.91%     93.27% |         262      3.19%     96.46% |         291      3.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         8214                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10      6.49%      6.49% |           0      0.00%      6.49% |           0      0.00%      6.49% |           0      0.00%      6.49% |          41     26.62%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |           0      0.00%     33.12% |          38     24.68%     57.79% |          33     21.43%     79.22% |          32     20.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          154                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      0.89%      0.89% |           0      0.00%      0.89% |           0      0.00%      0.89% |           4      3.57%      4.46% |           0      0.00%      4.46% |           0      0.00%      4.46% |           1      0.89%      5.36% |           0      0.00%      5.36% |           0      0.00%      5.36% |           0      0.00%      5.36% |          15     13.39%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           6      5.36%     24.11% |           1      0.89%     25.00% |           1      0.89%     25.89% |           2      1.79%     27.68% |           0      0.00%     27.68% |           0      0.00%     27.68% |           4      3.57%     31.25% |           1      0.89%     32.14% |           1      0.89%     33.04% |          51     45.54%     78.57% |           5      4.46%     83.04% |          12     10.71%     93.75% |           1      0.89%     94.64% |           1      0.89%     95.54% |           2      1.79%     97.32% |           3      2.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          112                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          50     98.04%     98.04% |           1      1.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           51                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       81576      3.50%      3.50% |       72559      3.11%      6.61% |       72657      3.12%      9.73% |       72508      3.11%     12.84% |       72522      3.11%     15.95% |       72503      3.11%     19.06% |       72557      3.11%     22.17% |       72535      3.11%     25.28% |       72625      3.11%     28.40% |       72622      3.11%     31.51% |       72739      3.12%     34.63% |       72596      3.11%     37.74% |       72680      3.12%     40.86% |       72628      3.12%     43.98% |       72590      3.11%     47.09% |       72478      3.11%     50.20% |       72556      3.11%     53.31% |       72550      3.11%     56.42% |       72600      3.11%     59.54% |       72476      3.11%     62.64% |       72580      3.11%     65.76% |       72715      3.12%     68.88% |       72599      3.11%     71.99% |       72457      3.11%     75.10% |       72544      3.11%     78.21% |       72638      3.12%     81.32% |       72563      3.11%     84.44% |       72444      3.11%     87.54% |       72530      3.11%     90.66% |       72604      3.11%     93.77% |       72607      3.11%     96.88% |       72660      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2331498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          57     41.61%     41.61% |           2      1.46%     43.07% |           3      2.19%     45.26% |           1      0.73%     45.99% |           0      0.00%     45.99% |           0      0.00%     45.99% |           0      0.00%     45.99% |           1      0.73%     46.72% |           1      0.73%     47.45% |           0      0.00%     47.45% |           2      1.46%     48.91% |           2      1.46%     50.36% |           1      0.73%     51.09% |           1      0.73%     51.82% |           1      0.73%     52.55% |           1      0.73%     53.28% |           1      0.73%     54.01% |           0      0.00%     54.01% |           1      0.73%     54.74% |          12      8.76%     63.50% |           3      2.19%     65.69% |           2      1.46%     67.15% |           3      2.19%     69.34% |           2      1.46%     70.80% |           4      2.92%     73.72% |           3      2.19%     75.91% |           2      1.46%     77.37% |           3      2.19%     79.56% |           9      6.57%     86.13% |          12      8.76%     94.89% |           7      5.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          137                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.26%      5.26% |           2      3.51%      8.77% |           1      1.75%     10.53% |           2      3.51%     14.04% |           1      1.75%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      1.75%     17.54% |           3      5.26%     22.81% |           1      1.75%     24.56% |           2      3.51%     28.07% |           3      5.26%     33.33% |           2      3.51%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           1      1.75%     38.60% |           1      1.75%     40.35% |           1      1.75%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           2      3.51%     45.61% |           1      1.75%     47.37% |           1      1.75%     49.12% |           2      3.51%     52.63% |           3      5.26%     57.89% |           3      5.26%     63.16% |           4      7.02%     70.18% |           2      3.51%     73.68% |           2      3.51%     77.19% |           0      0.00%     77.19% |           0      0.00%     77.19% |           3      5.26%     82.46% |           1      1.75%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           9     15.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     21.74%     21.74% |          36     78.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          19      4.19%      4.19% |           8      1.77%      5.96% |          31      6.84%     12.80% |          24      5.30%     18.10% |           4      0.88%     18.98% |           3      0.66%     19.65% |           0      0.00%     19.65% |           4      0.88%     20.53% |          16      3.53%     24.06% |           1      0.22%     24.28% |          16      3.53%     27.81% |           3      0.66%     28.48% |           8      1.77%     30.24% |           3      0.66%     30.91% |           5      1.10%     32.01% |           4      0.88%     32.89% |           1      0.22%     33.11% |           7      1.55%     34.66% |           6      1.32%     35.98% |           7      1.55%     37.53% |          64     14.13%     51.66% |          73     16.11%     67.77% |           8      1.77%     69.54% |           7      1.55%     71.08% |           9      1.99%     73.07% |          10      2.21%     75.28% |          16      3.53%     78.81% |          17      3.75%     82.56% |          17      3.75%     86.31% |          21      4.64%     90.95% |          39      8.61%     99.56% |           2      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          453                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         304      3.92%      3.92% |         233      3.00%      6.92% |         223      2.87%      9.79% |         224      2.89%     12.68% |         220      2.83%     15.51% |         254      3.27%     18.79% |         218      2.81%     21.60% |         242      3.12%     24.71% |         223      2.87%     27.59% |         259      3.34%     30.92% |         279      3.59%     34.52% |         276      3.56%     38.07% |         226      2.91%     40.99% |         263      3.39%     44.38% |         242      3.12%     47.49% |         233      3.00%     50.50% |         220      2.83%     53.33% |         219      2.82%     56.15% |         215      2.77%     58.92% |         218      2.81%     61.73% |         223      2.87%     64.61% |         320      4.12%     68.73% |         266      3.43%     72.16% |         248      3.20%     75.35% |         236      3.04%     78.39% |         251      3.23%     81.63% |         230      2.96%     84.59% |         229      2.95%     87.54% |         237      3.05%     90.59% |         218      2.81%     93.40% |         223      2.87%     96.28% |         289      3.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         7761                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           5     71.43%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         525      3.19%      3.19% |         461      2.80%      5.99% |         480      2.92%      8.91% |         461      2.80%     11.71% |         483      2.93%     14.64% |         444      2.70%     17.34% |         475      2.89%     20.22% |         499      3.03%     23.26% |         534      3.24%     26.50% |         482      2.93%     29.43% |         506      3.07%     32.50% |         514      3.12%     35.63% |         610      3.71%     39.33% |         548      3.33%     42.66% |         512      3.11%     45.77% |         536      3.26%     49.03% |         546      3.32%     52.35% |         558      3.39%     55.74% |         543      3.30%     59.03% |         492      2.99%     62.02% |         480      2.92%     64.94% |         536      3.26%     68.20% |         503      3.06%     71.25% |         488      2.96%     74.22% |         530      3.22%     77.44% |         587      3.57%     81.00% |         527      3.20%     84.20% |         481      2.92%     87.13% |         483      2.93%     90.06% |         556      3.38%     93.44% |         549      3.34%     96.77% |         531      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16460                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       47359      3.82%      3.82% |       38489      3.11%      6.93% |       38553      3.11%     10.04% |       38423      3.10%     13.14% |       38436      3.10%     16.24% |       38450      3.10%     19.34% |       38471      3.10%     22.45% |       38430      3.10%     25.55% |       38471      3.10%     28.66% |       38523      3.11%     31.76% |       38637      3.12%     34.88% |       38465      3.10%     37.99% |       38453      3.10%     41.09% |       38469      3.10%     44.19% |       38470      3.10%     47.30% |       38336      3.09%     50.39% |       38388      3.10%     53.49% |       38364      3.10%     56.59% |       38436      3.10%     59.69% |       38372      3.10%     62.79% |       38422      3.10%     65.89% |       38517      3.11%     68.99% |       38488      3.11%     72.10% |       38356      3.10%     75.20% |       38392      3.10%     78.29% |       38438      3.10%     81.40% |       38410      3.10%     84.50% |       38342      3.09%     87.59% |       38430      3.10%     90.69% |       38421      3.10%     93.79% |       38413      3.10%     96.89% |       38517      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1239141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         524      3.18%      3.18% |         460      2.79%      5.97% |         481      2.92%      8.89% |         461      2.80%     11.69% |         482      2.92%     14.61% |         441      2.68%     17.29% |         476      2.89%     20.18% |         500      3.03%     23.21% |         536      3.25%     26.46% |         484      2.94%     29.40% |         504      3.06%     32.46% |         512      3.11%     35.56% |         614      3.73%     39.29% |         550      3.34%     42.63% |         513      3.11%     45.74% |         539      3.27%     49.01% |         548      3.33%     52.34% |         561      3.40%     55.74% |         542      3.29%     59.03% |         493      2.99%     62.02% |         482      2.92%     64.95% |         536      3.25%     68.20% |         502      3.05%     71.24% |         487      2.96%     74.20% |         530      3.22%     77.42% |         588      3.57%     80.98% |         527      3.20%     84.18% |         481      2.92%     87.10% |         484      2.94%     90.04% |         559      3.39%     93.43% |         550      3.34%     96.77% |         533      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16480                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       34717      3.13%      3.13% |       34634      3.12%      6.26% |       34647      3.13%      9.38% |       34648      3.13%     12.51% |       34628      3.12%     15.63% |       34636      3.12%     18.75% |       34634      3.12%     21.88% |       34629      3.12%     25.00% |       34642      3.12%     28.13% |       34639      3.12%     31.25% |       34622      3.12%     34.37% |       34643      3.12%     37.50% |       34637      3.12%     40.62% |       34633      3.12%     43.75% |       34631      3.12%     46.87% |       34627      3.12%     49.99% |       34644      3.12%     53.12% |       34649      3.13%     56.24% |       34646      3.13%     59.37% |       34635      3.12%     62.49% |       34700      3.13%     65.62% |       34686      3.13%     68.75% |       34633      3.12%     71.88% |       34638      3.12%     75.00% |       34646      3.13%     78.12% |       34636      3.12%     81.25% |       34650      3.13%     84.37% |       34645      3.12%     87.50% |       34640      3.12%     90.62% |       34648      3.13%     93.75% |       34668      3.13%     96.88% |       34634      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1108645                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           6      1.51%      1.51% |           8      2.02%      3.53% |           8      2.02%      5.54% |           7      1.76%      7.30% |           8      2.02%      9.32% |           5      1.26%     10.58% |           4      1.01%     11.59% |           6      1.51%     13.10% |          12      3.02%     16.12% |          11      2.77%     18.89% |           7      1.76%     20.65% |          18      4.53%     25.19% |          30      7.56%     32.75% |          10      2.52%     35.26% |          10      2.52%     37.78% |          14      3.53%     41.31% |          11      2.77%     44.08% |          10      2.52%     46.60% |          11      2.77%     49.37% |          18      4.53%     53.90% |          13      3.27%     57.18% |          14      3.53%     60.71% |           6      1.51%     62.22% |          47     11.84%     74.06% |          14      3.53%     77.58% |           9      2.27%     79.85% |          15      3.78%     83.63% |          26      6.55%     90.18% |          15      3.78%     93.95% |           6      1.51%     95.47% |          10      2.52%     97.98% |           8      2.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total          397                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      223658      5.14%      5.14% |      133225      3.06%      8.20% |      131945      3.03%     11.23% |      134048      3.08%     14.31% |      132005      3.03%     17.34% |      131278      3.01%     20.35% |      131331      3.02%     23.37% |      130842      3.00%     26.37% |      131230      3.01%     29.39% |      131890      3.03%     32.42% |      133803      3.07%     35.49% |      132720      3.05%     38.54% |      131555      3.02%     41.56% |      132045      3.03%     44.59% |      130679      3.00%     47.59% |      130854      3.01%     50.60% |      131856      3.03%     53.63% |      131810      3.03%     56.65% |      132101      3.03%     59.69% |      132333      3.04%     62.73% |      132472      3.04%     65.77% |      147200      3.38%     69.15% |      140719      3.23%     72.38% |      131510      3.02%     75.40% |      131967      3.03%     78.43% |      132204      3.04%     81.47% |      131828      3.03%     84.49% |      131646      3.02%     87.52% |      132938      3.05%     90.57% |      132004      3.03%     93.60% |      135599      3.11%     96.72% |      142949      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4354244                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total            5                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      470902     20.67%     20.67% |     1139048     50.00%     70.67% |      668146     29.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2278096                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      470902     20.67%     20.67% |     1139048     50.00%     70.67% |      668146     29.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2278096                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      470902     20.67%     20.67% |     1139048     50.00%     70.67% |      668146     29.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2278096                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      470902     20.67%     20.67% |     1139048     50.00%     70.67% |      668146     29.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2278096                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
