
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.132060                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                132059928000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5308228006500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  42453                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    73057                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               80417014                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               11332352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1642.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    69715116                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     119973181                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     41740480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          41740480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19650880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19650880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       652195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             652195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       307045                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            307045                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    316072261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            316072261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    148802747                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           148802747                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    464875007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           464875007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     652195                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    307045                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   652195                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  307045                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              41726912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  13568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19650688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               41740480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19650880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   212                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            40976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            40833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            40262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            40804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            40605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            40794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            41484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            41327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            40540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            40509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           40720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           40333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           40426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           41162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            19313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            19445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            19212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           18950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           19038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      294                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     4453                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 132059428000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               652195                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              307045                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 273225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  93947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  68405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  55181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  42741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  32796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  24310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  16985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  10985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   7940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  5861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  4350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  51311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  55662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  57639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  59209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  59868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   9248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   8253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       285180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.220254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.305990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.133758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        82958     29.09%     29.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        86451     30.31%     59.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73360     25.72%     85.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19986      7.01%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16683      5.85%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2588      0.91%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1589      0.56%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1093      0.38%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          472      0.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       285180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        51823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.580862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.896616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        51403     99.19%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          263      0.51%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           61      0.12%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           41      0.08%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           22      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           12      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            8      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        51823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        51823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.924821                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.689198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.077421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          44754     86.36%     86.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5196     10.03%     96.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1175      2.27%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          698      1.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        51823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 25130768350                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            37355449600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3259915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    38545.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               57295.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      315.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      148.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   316.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   148.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.45                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  491479                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 182355                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    137670.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20326278500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4409600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   107319195250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1083446280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1072423800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              591166125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              585151875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2551138200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2534079600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            997991280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            991576080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8625177600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8625177600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        57602526480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        57130534845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28704504000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        29118531750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         100155949965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         100057475550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          758.440835                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          757.695128                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41126144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          41126144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19067136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19067136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       642596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             642596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       297924                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            297924                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    311420312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            311420312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    144382450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           144382450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    455802763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           455802763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     642596                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    297924                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   642596                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  297924                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              41112192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  13952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               19067136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               41126144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19067136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   218                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            40300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            40336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            39712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            40094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            40109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            40152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            41241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            40647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            39802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            39969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           39464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           40076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           39764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           39901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           40427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           40384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            18645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            18661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            18643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            18720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            18871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            18860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            18498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            18703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           18497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           18545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           18671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           18588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      293                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     4318                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 132059176000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               642596                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              297924                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 266428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  93727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  67558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  54620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  42475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  32832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  24037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  16676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  10766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   7764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  5961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  4354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  49525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  53940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  55926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  57536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  58337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   9130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   7816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       271144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.942230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.614712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   160.463000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        76449     28.19%     28.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        78808     29.06%     57.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73057     26.94%     84.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20078      7.40%     91.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16903      6.23%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2636      0.97%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1628      0.60%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1128      0.42%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          457      0.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       271144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.840369                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.474152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49610     99.16%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          249      0.50%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           71      0.14%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           40      0.08%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           24      0.05%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           11      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        50028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.955164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.713359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.100294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          42749     85.45%     85.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5454     10.90%     96.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1142      2.28%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          682      1.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        50027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 24674963899                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            36719551399                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3211890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    38411.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               57161.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      311.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      144.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   311.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   144.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.45                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  488051                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 181099                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               60.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    140410.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20822793500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4409600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   106822680250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1033588080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1016139600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              563961750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              554441250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2516092800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2494206000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            969148800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            961282080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8625177600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8625177600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        56393371800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        56152001025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29765166000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29976894750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          99866506830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          99780142305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          756.248998                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          755.594994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     41069824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          41069824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19051840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       19051840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       641716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             641716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       297685                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            297685                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    310993839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            310993839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    144266624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           144266624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    455260463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           455260463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     641716                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    297685                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   641716                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  297685                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              41058752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  11072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               19051712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               41069824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            19051840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   173                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            40101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            40249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            39707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            40163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            40058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            41061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            40636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            39722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            39836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           39513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           40142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           39770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           39690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           40424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           40407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            18586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            18655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            18562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            18638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            18620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            18639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            18763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            18861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            18486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            18706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           18529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           18507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           18628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           18610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      333                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     4505                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 132059885000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               641716                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              297685                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 267681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  92462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  67138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  53920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  43349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  32649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  24134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  16633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  10714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   7892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  5829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  4371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  49615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  53958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  55712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  57015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  57252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   9401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   6273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   8459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       270617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.121153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.006730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   160.052826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        75648     27.95%     27.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        78986     29.19%     57.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73382     27.12%     84.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19910      7.36%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16910      6.25%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2621      0.97%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1575      0.58%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1123      0.41%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          462      0.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       270617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.808749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.786162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49646     99.12%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          282      0.56%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           56      0.11%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           42      0.08%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           26      0.05%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            8      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            9      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        50086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50086                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.943437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.703535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.092551                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          42955     85.76%     85.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5257     10.50%     96.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1226      2.45%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          648      1.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        50086                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 24708528227                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            36737459477                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3207715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    38514.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               57264.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      310.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      144.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   310.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   144.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        3.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.45                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  487468                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 181133                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               60.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    140578.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   71.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20951756250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4409600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   106693742500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1029271320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1016472240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              561606375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              554622750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2511802800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2491990800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            967600080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            961269120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8625177600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8625177600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        56630394045                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        56113862040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29557266750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        30010365000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          99883118970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          99773759550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          756.374652                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          755.546517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     41118080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          41118080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19079040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       19079040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       642470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             642470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       298110                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            298110                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    311359249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            311359249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    144472591                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           144472591                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    455831840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           455831840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     642471                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    298110                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   642471                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  298110                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              41107456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  10688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               19079040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               41118144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            19079040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   167                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            40295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            40217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            39721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            40260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            39951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            40126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            41022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            40701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            39900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            39764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           39680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           40068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           39774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           39737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           40528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           40560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            18637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            18646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            18596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            18676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            18630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            18715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            18780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            18848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            18546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            18657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           18548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           18525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           18573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           18700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           18596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      195                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     4018                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 132059181000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               642471                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              298110                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 267763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  92622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  68163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  54295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  43025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  33069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  24197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  16535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  10748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   7694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  5741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  4258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  1806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  49683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  54194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  56241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  57843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  58125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   8815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   7529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       270160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.777376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.560711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   160.210684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        75343     27.89%     27.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        78525     29.07%     56.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73503     27.21%     84.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20141      7.46%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16881      6.25%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2517      0.93%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1648      0.61%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1129      0.42%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          473      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       270160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.803807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.314671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49726     99.12%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          289      0.58%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           48      0.10%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           44      0.09%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           21      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           10      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        50165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.942589                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.705327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.074410                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          42967     85.65%     85.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5435     10.83%     96.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1144      2.28%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          619      1.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        50165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 24466423869                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            36509623869                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3211520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    38091.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               56841.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      311.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      144.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   311.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   144.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        3.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  487786                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 182460                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    140401.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20384443250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4409600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   107261042000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1027834920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1014499080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              560822625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              553546125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2513776200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2495953200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            968896080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            962759520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8625177600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8625177600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        56374392510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        55884999060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29781821250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30211113750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          99852721185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          99748048335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          756.144541                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          755.351895                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1484                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1484                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               256                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              256                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4546                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5570                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              553024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              136024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               26685174                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 43.122386                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.300636                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                58.731517                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    25276500     94.72%     94.72% |      798661      2.99%     97.71% |      416331      1.56%     99.27% |      172393      0.65%     99.92% |       15606      0.06%     99.98% |        4752      0.02%    100.00% |         868      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 26685174                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     54222198                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.215256                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.747409                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.431563                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    50167706     92.52%     92.52% |     2121842      3.91%     96.44% |      829725      1.53%     97.97% |      660607      1.22%     99.18% |      271747      0.50%     99.69% |      108321      0.20%     99.89% |       39198      0.07%     99.96% |       16618      0.03%     99.99% |        6434      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      54222198                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            54222196                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              23.466125                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.238114                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             86.201369                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    53829575     99.28%     99.28% |      367966      0.68%     99.95% |       22499      0.04%    100.00% |        1947      0.00%    100.00% |         185      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              54222196                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        49735811                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000229                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000185                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.019598                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    49726796     99.98%     99.98% |        8427      0.02%    100.00% |         505      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          49735811                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4486385                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        250.349902                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       195.135926                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       183.540471                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4093764     91.25%     91.25% |      367966      8.20%     99.45% |       22499      0.50%     99.95% |        1947      0.04%    100.00% |         185      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4486385                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses        2125399                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses      2125399                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     37368255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       898535                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     38266790                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     12363291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126867                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     12490158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      3082216                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        38858                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       885193                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2040068                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        64004                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          560                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432592                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       205840                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432534                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       205818                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432619                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       205906                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          549                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432603                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       205892                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          496                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       206029                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432695                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       206055                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          499                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432653                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       205830                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          553                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432599                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       205893                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       135804                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        91824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227628                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        54497                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        82689                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        54645                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        83321                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137966                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        53419                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        83375                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136794                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        51690                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        83785                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135475                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        53182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        83497                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136679                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        51565                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        83244                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134809                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        51716                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        83179                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134895                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        53175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        83113                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        53420                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        82831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136251                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        53311                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        82665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135976                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        53063                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        82829                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135892                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        52785                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        82823                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135608                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        52658                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        83103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135761                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        67901                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        83202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       151103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        61394                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        82906                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        52253                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        82875                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       135128                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        52901                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        82881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        53383                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        82826                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136209                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        52587                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        82680                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135267                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        53728                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        82838                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136566                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        54115                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        82987                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       137102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        54500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        83009                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137509                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        54774                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        83005                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137779                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        58005                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        82900                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        64556                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        83001                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147557                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        52516                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        83295                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        52720                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        83228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135948                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        52138                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        83204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135342                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        51168                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        83255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134423                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        51834                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        83281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       135115                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        54233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        83100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137333                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles       447612                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     29737322                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     29737322                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     30443540                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     29737322                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     16598422                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     16496694                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     29737322                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.112590                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     23215964                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     23215964                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     24173777                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     23215964                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity     15565262                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity     15340484                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     23215964                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.087899                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     15721000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     15721000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16304947                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15721000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7445852                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7387524                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     15721000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.059522                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14935123                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14935123                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15554891                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14935123                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7306095                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7250499                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14935123                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.056547                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     15842655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     15842655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16507662                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15842655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8653724                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8555611                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     15842655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.059983                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     14569950                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     14569950                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15348973                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14569950                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7556405                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7496834                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     14569950                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.055164                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     16893536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     16893536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     17779192                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16893536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7411683                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7326524                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     16893536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.063962                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14962109                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14962109                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15886554                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14962109                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6952027                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6887045                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14962109                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.056649                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads     10661507                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes     10661507                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11021181                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10661507                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5175928                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5139879                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity     10661507                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.040366                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     12517090                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     12517090                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13135257                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12517090                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6349101                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6292902                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     12517090                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.047392                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      8323772                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      8323772                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8651516                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8323772                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3554083                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3506740                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      8323772                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.031515                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      6379169                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      6379169                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6409499                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6379169                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2857908                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2857229                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      6379169                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.024153                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      6965371                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      6965371                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7009821                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6965371                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3386032                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3384763                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      6965371                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.026372                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      6478714                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      6478714                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6512402                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6478714                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2892944                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2892250                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      6478714                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.024529                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4246801                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4246801                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4314909                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4246801                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1708961                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1706005                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4246801                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.016079                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5879830                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5879830                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6008859                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5879830                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2423424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2419166                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5879830                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.022262                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      7044342                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      7044342                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7119640                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7044342                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2738308                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2736718                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      7044342                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.026671                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6244226                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6244226                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6320470                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6244226                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2482069                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2480614                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6244226                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.023642                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5727975                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5727975                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5823865                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5727975                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2431535                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2429479                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5727975                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.021687                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3302376                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3302376                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3399991                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3302376                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1399000                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1396708                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3302376                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.012503                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3216389                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3216389                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3223353                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3216389                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1535461                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1535269                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3216389                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.012178                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3808788                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3808788                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3819748                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3808788                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1982503                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1981276                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3808788                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.014421                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3579420                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3579420                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3590591                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3579419                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1731581                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1731287                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3579419                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.013552                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2182839                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2182839                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2182839                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2182839                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       970175                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       970175                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2182839                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.008265                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3162577                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3162577                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3169542                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3162577                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1484446                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1484277                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3162577                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.011974                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3600249                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3600249                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3610280                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3600249                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1868653                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1867561                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3600249                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.013631                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3482982                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3482982                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3493955                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3482982                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1677068                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1676818                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3482982                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.013187                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2192772                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2192772                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2192772                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2192772                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       973088                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       973088                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2192772                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.008302                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     14352426                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     14352426                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15034154                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14352426                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6618788                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6604542                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     14352426                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.054341                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     13425444                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     13425444                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13831812                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13425444                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5986494                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5977400                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     13425444                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.050831                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     13913878                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     13913878                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14699322                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13913878                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5975277                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5937490                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     13913878                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.052680                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     14057102                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     14057102                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14657415                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14057102                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6131322                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6113442                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     14057102                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.053222                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    26151924     32.64%     32.64% |    49587917     61.89%     94.53% |     4386688      5.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     80126529                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    26151924     32.64%     32.64% |    49587918     61.89%     94.53% |     4386690      5.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     80126532                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   796739599                       |  1240903086                       |   104093135                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   885644255                       |   197043068                       |     4386806                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   30.465812                       |   25.024304                       |   23.729323                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   33.865357                       |    3.973611                       |    1.000027                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.729422                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    13.566969                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         40.296391                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004803                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.116412      7.87%      7.87% |    0.115783      7.83%     15.69% |    0.112640      7.61%     23.31% |    0.112458      7.60%     30.91% |    0.235700     15.93%     46.84% |    0.231571     15.65%     62.49% |    0.235700     15.93%     78.43% |    0.231402     15.64%     94.07% |    0.021946      1.48%     95.55% |    0.021945      1.48%     97.03% |    0.021940      1.48%     98.52% |    0.021945      1.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.479443                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.036752                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.021399                       |    0.000000                       |    0.006594                       |    0.006742                       |    0.006706                       |    0.006629                       |    0.006667                       |    0.006643                       |    0.006609                       |    0.006704                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006489                       |    0.004232                       |    0.004196                       |    0.004249                       |    0.004205                       |    0.004205                       |    0.004193                       |    0.004175                       |    0.004190                       |    0.004232                       |    0.004252                       |    0.004227                       |    0.004203                       |    0.004226                       |    0.004181                       |    0.004184                       |    0.004214                       |    0.004210                       |    0.004204                       |    0.004206                       |    0.004209                       |    0.004557                       |    0.004398                       |    0.004192                       |    0.004204                       |    0.004213                       |    0.004191                       |    0.004218                       |    0.004234                       |    0.004239                       |    0.004315                       |    0.004469                       |    0.014810                       |    0.014590                       |    0.014570                       |    0.014588                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.008012                       |    0.016060                       |    0.001006                       |    0.001005                       |    0.001006                       |    0.001006                       |    0.001007                       |    0.001006                       |    0.001006                       |    0.001006                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004095                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004301                       |    0.003688                       |    0.009754                       |    0.004057                       |    0.001006                       |    0.006183                       |    0.013245                       |    0.006122                       |           0                       |    0.004117                       |    0.009492                       |           0                       |    0.014308                       |    0.019104                       |    0.007320                       |    0.009754                       |    0.004069                       |    0.001006                       |    0.015547                       |    0.015970                       |    0.013177                       |    0.009795                       |    0.004111                       |    0.001005                       |    0.016858                       |    0.013818                       |    0.010960                       |           0                       |    0.004101                       |    0.009281                       |           0                       |    0.016740                       |    0.012254                       |    0.008455                       |           0                       |    0.004084                       |           0                       |    0.008431                       |    0.006123                       |    0.005514                       |           0                       |    0.004089                       |           0                       |    0.004204                       |    0.003681                       |           0                       |    0.004363                       |           0                       |    0.001694                       |    0.004557                       |    0.003807                       |    0.009788                       |    0.004070                       |    0.001006                       |    0.009952                       |    0.005303                       |    0.013589                       |    0.003683                       |    0.009772                       |    0.004070                       |    0.001006                       |    0.006504                       |    0.014185                       |    0.019500                       |    0.004945                       |    0.022871                       |    0.005693                       |    0.008012                       |    0.011764                       |    0.020306                       |    0.032546                       |    0.011398                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004088                       |    0.016060                       |    0.011841                       |    0.026106                       |    0.018426                       |    0.011378                       |    0.009761                       |    0.004057                       |    0.001006                       |    0.009752                       |    0.014560                       |    0.009797                       |    0.006231                       |           0                       |    0.004070                       |           0                       |    0.003467                       |    0.008416                       |    0.004902                       |    0.005518                       |           0                       |    0.004084                       |           0                       |    0.001647                       |    0.004213                       |    0.003687                       |           0                       |    0.004209                       |           0                       |    0.000872                       |    0.004398                       |    0.004073                       |           0                       |    0.004101                       |           0                       |    0.010586                       |    0.005347                       |    0.007434                       |    0.004047                       |           0                       |    0.004188                       |    0.009271                       |           0                       |    0.006851                       |    0.014304                       |    0.014018                       |    0.004049                       |    0.009769                       |    0.004059                       |    0.001007                       |    0.017908                       |    0.015524                       |    0.011620                       |    0.004076                       |    0.009762                       |    0.004044                       |    0.001006                       |    0.009542                       |    0.016922                       |    0.011304                       |    0.004069                       |           0                       |    0.004284                       |    0.009283                       |           0                       |    0.008028                       |    0.016961                       |    0.010595                       |    0.004072                       |           0                       |    0.004079                       |           0                       |    0.002646                       |    0.008416                       |    0.005309                       |    0.004080                       |           0                       |    0.004077                       |           0                       |    0.000835                       |    0.004191                       |    0.004085                       |           0                       |    0.004073                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004192                       |           0                       |    0.004047                       |           0                       |    0.004878                       |           0                       |    0.007154                       |           0                       |    0.004049                       |           0                       |    0.005892                       |    0.003660                       |    0.008661                       |           0                       |    0.004076                       |           0                       |    0.009757                       |    0.006875                       |    0.005963                       |           0                       |    0.004069                       |           0                       |    0.004865                       |    0.009720                       |    0.004988                       |           0                       |    0.004072                       |           0                       |    0.008215                       |    0.009400                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.008424                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004085                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004218                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.479443                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        10467124                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10467124                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       390090                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      7439723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         6823393                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     91.715686                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         1211079                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30140                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             21787707                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86495                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22989694                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181312                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         21874202                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        23171006                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  44777401                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267807                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              45045208                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             12497271                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9672                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         12506943                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  12497271                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9672                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              12506943                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                260573474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     40688799                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               78123631                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            10467124                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8034472                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             214381799                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143473                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       183616                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       307959                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       347619                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          12496603                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        231089                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3955                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    256511027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.538215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.770780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        230150427     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2260071      0.88%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3373334      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1149781      0.45%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3582053      1.40%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1965138      0.77%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5033129      1.96%     96.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           727515      0.28%     96.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          8269579      3.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    256511027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.040170                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.299814                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         14253051                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     223632397                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6946951                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      11224136                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454485                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      133568092                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454485                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         17439012                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       136455042                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13503529                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          14199037                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      74459915                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      131564392                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       14088921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    137951886                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     298330535                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    200829254                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     124452086                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13499798                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363696                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367267                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          67405587                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     11737475                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23402855                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      4490326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4138498                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          129112003                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1202961                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         135545042                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326800                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10021870                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14638552                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256511027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.210045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    196184614     76.48%     76.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27830782     10.85%     87.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12339754      4.81%     92.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8250400      3.22%     95.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4353249      1.70%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5635677      2.20%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083674      0.42%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472889      0.18%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359988      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256511027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113408      9.70%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913610     78.18%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141610     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417400      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      91894101     67.80%     68.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52420      0.04%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52160      0.04%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19920852     14.70%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     23208100     17.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      135545042                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.520180                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168628                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008622                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529096377                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    140345578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125847432                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      136296186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4160165                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1472897                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2666                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       741784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1832                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     11989432                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454485                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         8837108                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     112339354                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130314964                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      11737475                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23402855                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1193539                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         580398                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330456                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       462003                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     134832454                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      19705543                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             42707536                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          9024722                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           23001993                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.517445                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              125956389                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             125847486                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          66749282                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         110547985                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.482964                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603804                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10255718                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1065822                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       404265                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    254825702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.470805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.392517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209691068     82.29%     82.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19685424      7.73%     90.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11530331      4.52%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3096169      1.22%     95.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2552238      1.00%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1833439      0.72%     97.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155387      0.45%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       623052      0.24%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4658594      1.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    254825702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     69715115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      119973178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               32925648                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              10264577                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8499366                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         119009773                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      1126605                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178784      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     86766677     72.32%     72.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51137      0.04%     72.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50923      0.04%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     10264577      8.56%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     22661071     18.89%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    119973178                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       4658594                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            380145338                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           262153737                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87846                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4062447                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            69715115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             119973178                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.737690                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.737690                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.267545                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.267545                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        208838794                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        92840453                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          38425080                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         37908565                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        60524821                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357752                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              19446545500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            19446545499.999977                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.07374e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+10-1.18112e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.18112e+10-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.39586e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.39586e+10-1.50324e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.50324e+10-1.61061e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-1.82536e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.82536e+10-1.93274e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.93274e+10-2.04011e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.04011e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12518459                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        61.923346                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       38.945120                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       81.018913                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11109952     88.75%     88.75% |      798494      6.38%     95.13% |      416331      3.33%     98.45% |      172393      1.38%     99.83% |       15606      0.12%     99.95% |        4752      0.04%     99.99% |         868      0.01%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12518459                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      13863701                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.549197                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.304979                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.451394                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     9245750     66.69%     66.69% |     4595223     33.15%     99.84% |       21435      0.15%     99.99% |        1126      0.01%    100.00% |         150      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        13863701                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        303014                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.663507                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       22.876122                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.102589                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        6295      2.08%      2.08% |       36703     12.11%     14.19% |      115564     38.14%     52.33% |       64645     21.33%     73.66% |       62123     20.50%     94.16% |       14300      4.72%     98.88% |        3237      1.07%     99.95% |         140      0.05%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          303014                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         17809733                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           38.261876                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.597141                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         109.462037                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    17607688     98.87%     98.87% |      185565      1.04%     99.91% |       14922      0.08%     99.99% |        1411      0.01%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           17809733                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples     15097431                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000548                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000447                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.029807                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15090598     99.95%     99.95% |        6530      0.04%    100.00% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total       15097431                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2712302                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     234.536284                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    179.972047                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    182.297048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2510257     92.55%     92.55% |      185565      6.84%     99.39% |       14922      0.55%     99.94% |        1411      0.05%     99.99% |         137      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2712302                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         23642318                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           22.821192                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.058423                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          87.008722                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    23452156     99.20%     99.20% |      181990      0.77%     99.97% |        7574      0.03%    100.00% |         536      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           23642318                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     22016011                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000136                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000108                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.015928                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    22013931     99.99%     99.99% |        1476      0.01%    100.00% |         319      0.00%    100.00% |         262      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       22016011                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1626307                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     291.147271                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    242.518808                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    180.937732                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1436145     88.31%     88.31% |      181990     11.19%     99.50% |        7574      0.47%     99.96% |         536      0.03%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1626307                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     12490156                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.869549                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.100564                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.627467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    12473842     99.87%     99.87% |       12883      0.10%     99.97% |        2999      0.02%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       12490156                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     12363291                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000284                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12363290    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     12363291                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126865                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.609112                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.073322                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    62.169593                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110551     87.14%     87.14% |       12883     10.15%     97.30% |        2999      2.36%     99.66% |         132      0.10%     99.76% |         161      0.13%     99.89% |         110      0.09%     99.98% |          24      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126865                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     11.006735                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.869956                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.339217                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273561     98.16%     98.16% |        3890      1.40%     99.56% |        1022      0.37%     99.93% |          92      0.03%     99.96% |          55      0.02%     99.98% |          52      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257801                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019789                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257700     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257801                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20878                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.868857                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.660007                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.032986                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15760     75.49%     75.49% |        3890     18.63%     94.12% |        1022      4.90%     99.01% |          92      0.44%     99.45% |          55      0.26%     99.72% |          52      0.25%     99.97% |           7      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20878                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks      2083377                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     38459080                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        32643                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     3954                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     5248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     3839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                     4983                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     3980                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     5260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     3914                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     5314                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     3865                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     5009                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                    3825                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                    5101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    3911                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    5226                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    3571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                    5555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  97776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 162540                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  97791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 162897                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  97684                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 162548                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  97780                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 162427                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  97833                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                 162747                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 97757                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                162678                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 97798                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                162715                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 98036                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                162370                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    42686                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   121012                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    42786                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   120920                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    42752                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   120992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    42722                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   121059                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    42718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                   121044                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   42834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                  121021                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   42707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                  120859                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   42809                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                  120875                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               101730                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               167788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               101630                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               167880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               101664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               167808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               101694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               167741                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               101698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               167756                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses              101582                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              167779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses              101709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              167941                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              101607                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              167925                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                84368473                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                90820291                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                84575747                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles               116183324                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                87639640                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles               102554133                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                89364672                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                89405906                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                74957199                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                90010208                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               80526778                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               79459436                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               66885482                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               83315990                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               55811183                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               53127909                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   82972                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  227353                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   82975                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  227359                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  227358                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   82975                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  82973                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  61444                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  61447                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  61441                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  61441                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  61442                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  61441                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 61443                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 2484                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 2657                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 2426                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 2947                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 2375                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 2613                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 2342                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 2466                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 2340                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 2354                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                2215                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                2449                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                2371                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                2850                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                2187                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                2836                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              80488                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             224696                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              80549                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             224413                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              80601                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             224746                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              80634                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             224892                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              80635                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses             225006                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             80758                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses            224911                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             80605                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses            224510                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             80789                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses            224524                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                1470                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2591                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                1413                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1605                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2647                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1572                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2848                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                2655                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               1610                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               2652                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               1540                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               2376                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1384                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               2719                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             59974                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             58856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             60028                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             59404                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             59835                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             58794                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             59868                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             58594                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             59916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             58785                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            59833                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            58788                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            59900                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            59064                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            60056                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            58721                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.task_cycles              14073187                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.task_cycles              24734537                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.task_cycles              13929871                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.task_cycles              24500932                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.task_cycles              13869672                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.task_cycles              24731051                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.task_cycles              13867379                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.task_cycles              24735703                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.task_cycles              14075944                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.task_cycles              24734290                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.task_cycles             13873979                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.task_cycles             24732565                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.task_cycles             14080490                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.task_cycles             24737509                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.task_cycles             14082510                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.task_cycles             24741426                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_actions                   128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_actions                   384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_actions                   128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_actions                   384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_actions                   128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_actions                   384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_actions                   128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_actions                   384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_actions                   128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_actions                   384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_actions                  128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_actions                  384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_actions                  128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_actions                  384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_actions                  128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_actions                  384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              12985319                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              23351384                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles              12890849                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              23184462                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles              12756960                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles              23405137                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles              12781835                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles              23343241                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles              12963484                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles              23378097                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles             12732271                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles             23368144                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles             12920609                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles             23328376                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles             12909399                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles             23293874                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              7551941                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              7576289                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              7150757                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              7033241                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              7513000                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              7292823                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              7383996                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              7620745                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              7599903                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              7408462                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             7701188                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             7603894                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             7910563                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             7747778                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             7949256                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             7978879                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         12985319                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         23351384                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time         12890849                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         23184462                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time         12756960                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time         23405137                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time         12781835                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time         23343241                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time         12963484                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time         23378097                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time        12732271                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time        23368144                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time        12920609                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time        23328376                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time        12909399                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time        23293874                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         7551941                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         7576289                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         7150757                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         7033241                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         7513000                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         7292823                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         7383996                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         7620745                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         7599903                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         7408462                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        7701188                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        7603894                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        7910563                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        7747778                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        7949256                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        7978879                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           13810995                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           24242969                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           13667679                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           24009364                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time           13607480                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           24239483                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           13605187                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           24244135                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time           13813752                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time           24242722                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time          13611787                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time          24240997                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time          13818298                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time          24245941                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time          13820318                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time          24249858                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         232313415                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         232313411                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         232313417                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         232313413                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         232313422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        232313418                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        232313434                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        232313430                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         26452352                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         31705176                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         26448199                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         31665769                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         26435620                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         31727501                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         26454588                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         31741057                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         26425697                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         31737912                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles        26441830                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        31704668                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        26462484                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        31782898                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        26404298                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        31670458                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             97776                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0            162540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             97791                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0            162897                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             97684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0            162548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             97780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0            162427                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             97833                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0            162747                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            97757                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0           162678                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            97798                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0           162715                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            98036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0           162370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1470                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2591                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1413                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1605                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2647                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2848                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1525                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              2655                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             2376                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2               557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2               552                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2               753                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2               509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               595                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2               506                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2               633                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2               529                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               537                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2              477                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2              615                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2              504                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              706                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2              480                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2              750                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      652170     25.29%     25.29% |      642596     24.92%     50.21% |      641716     24.88%     75.09% |      642471     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2578953                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      301187     25.58%     25.58% |      292053     24.81%     50.39% |      291814     24.79%     75.18% |      292239     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1177293                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      652195     25.29%     25.29% |      642596     24.92%     50.21% |      641715     24.88%     75.09% |      642470     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2578976                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      307045     25.57%     25.57% |      297924     24.81%     50.38% |      297685     24.79%     75.17% |      298110     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1200764                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      342791     25.04%     25.04% |      342351     25.01%     50.05% |      341710     24.96%     75.01% |      342039     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1368891                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      652170     25.29%     25.29% |      642596     24.92%     50.21% |      641716     24.88%     75.09% |      642471     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2578953                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      300942     25.58%     25.58% |      291876     24.81%     50.39% |      291637     24.79%     75.18% |      292062     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1176517                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      342791     25.04%     25.04% |      342351     25.01%     50.05% |      341710     24.96%     75.01% |      342039     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1368891                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      652170     25.29%     25.29% |      642596     24.92%     50.21% |      641715     24.88%     75.09% |      642470     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2578951                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      300942     25.58%     25.58% |      291876     24.81%     50.39% |      291637     24.79%     75.18% |      292062     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1176517                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    15331746     86.07%     86.07% |          34      0.00%     86.07% |      310278      1.74%     87.81% |      310295      1.74%     89.55% |      310280      1.74%     91.29% |      310283      1.74%     93.03% |      310272      1.74%     94.77% |      310278      1.74%     96.52% |      310278      1.74%     98.26% |      310279      1.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     17814023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    12490199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     12490199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22942639     95.89%     95.89% |           0      0.00%     95.89% |      122880      0.51%     96.40% |      122880      0.51%     96.92% |      122880      0.51%     97.43% |      122880      0.51%     97.95% |      122880      0.51%     98.46% |      122880      0.51%     98.97% |      122880      0.51%     99.49% |      122880      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     23925679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       27471      9.66%      9.66% |          34      0.01%      9.67% |       36514     12.84%     22.51% |       23450      8.24%     30.75% |       31573     11.10%     41.85% |       34384     12.09%     53.94% |       32220     11.33%     65.26% |       36330     12.77%     78.04% |       37650     13.24%     91.27% |       24825      8.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       284451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1027250     22.88%     22.88% |           0      0.00%     22.88% |      432712      9.64%     32.51% |      433348      9.65%     42.16% |      433082      9.64%     51.81% |      432738      9.64%     61.44% |      433004      9.64%     71.08% |      432793      9.64%     80.72% |      432729      9.64%     90.36% |      432949      9.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4490605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.03%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |        1743      9.39%      9.42% |        2107     11.35%     20.77% |        3463     18.66%     39.44% |        2122     11.44%     50.87% |        2519     13.57%     64.44% |        2669     14.38%     78.83% |        2113     11.39%     90.21% |        1816      9.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        18557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      232615      9.62%      9.62% |          29      0.00%      9.62% |      264665     10.95%     20.57% |      289886     11.99%     32.56% |      273144     11.30%     43.85% |      268262     11.09%     54.95% |      272275     11.26%     66.21% |      266704     11.03%     77.24% |      264700     10.95%     88.19% |      285619     11.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2417899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.03%      0.03% |        2442     13.16%     13.19% |        1981     10.68%     23.86% |        2765     14.90%     38.76% |        2363     12.73%     51.50% |        2997     16.15%     67.65% |        2852     15.37%     83.01% |        2721     14.66%     97.68% |         431      2.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        18557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792767     38.67%     38.67% |           0      0.00%     38.67% |      165485      8.07%     46.75% |      140667      6.86%     53.61% |      156710      7.64%     61.25% |      161978      7.90%     69.15% |      157384      7.68%     76.83% |      163139      7.96%     84.79% |      165232      8.06%     92.85% |      146549      7.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2049911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886367     22.45%     22.45% |           0      0.00%     22.45% |      374920      9.50%     31.94% |      398801     10.10%     42.04% |      382969      9.70%     51.74% |      378514      9.59%     61.33% |      382127      9.68%     71.01% |      375786      9.52%     80.53% |      373303      9.45%     89.98% |      395611     10.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3948398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225487      8.34%      8.34% |          17      0.00%      8.34% |      309877     11.46%     19.80% |      309854     11.46%     31.25% |      309840     11.46%     42.71% |      309833     11.46%     54.17% |      309855     11.46%     65.63% |      309904     11.46%     77.09% |      309872     11.46%     88.54% |      309807     11.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2704346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122882    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      665018     40.38%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |      122672      7.45%     47.83% |      122671      7.45%     55.28% |      122764      7.45%     62.73% |      122762      7.45%     70.18% |      122764      7.45%     77.64% |      122768      7.45%     85.09% |      122761      7.45%     92.55% |      122768      7.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1646948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11157      6.66%      6.66% |           0      0.00%      6.66% |       23826     14.21%     20.87% |       11508      6.87%     27.73% |       20535     12.25%     39.98% |       22186     13.24%     53.22% |       20165     12.03%     65.25% |       23518     14.03%     79.28% |       23294     13.90%     93.18% |       11440      6.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       167629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7820     98.29%     98.29% |          17      0.21%     98.50% |          31      0.39%     98.89% |           9      0.11%     99.01% |          14      0.18%     99.18% |           6      0.08%     99.26% |          33      0.41%     99.67% |          10      0.13%     99.80% |          13      0.16%     99.96% |           3      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         7956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3985    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         192     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |          12      4.76%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      0.40%     81.35% |           2      0.79%     82.14% |           4      1.59%     83.73% |          13      5.16%     88.89% |           7      2.78%     91.67% |          21      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3527      3.42%      3.42% |           0      0.00%      3.42% |       12538     12.17%     15.60% |       11820     11.47%     27.07% |       10905     10.59%     37.66% |       12087     11.73%     49.39% |       11924     11.58%     60.97% |       12690     12.32%     73.29% |       14222     13.81%     87.09% |       13296     12.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       103009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |          68      0.27%     97.79% |          58      0.23%     98.02% |          99      0.39%     98.41% |          85      0.33%     98.74% |          83      0.32%     99.06% |          70      0.27%     99.34% |          91      0.36%     99.69% |          79      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    12363291    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     12363291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5008     23.33%     23.33% |           5      0.02%     23.35% |        2372     11.05%     34.40% |         608      2.83%     37.23% |        1865      8.69%     45.92% |        2131      9.93%     55.85% |        1984      9.24%     65.09% |        2099      9.78%     74.86% |        2615     12.18%     87.05% |        2781     12.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        21468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122469     29.32%     29.32% |           0      0.00%     29.32% |       44579     10.67%     40.00% |       21392      5.12%     45.12% |       38218      9.15%     54.27% |       41482      9.93%     64.20% |       38056      9.11%     73.32% |       43684     10.46%     83.78% |       44596     10.68%     94.46% |       23156      5.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       417632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    10253189     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         296      0.00%     99.98% |         351      0.00%     99.98% |         319      0.00%     99.98% |         348      0.00%     99.99% |         301      0.00%     99.99% |         288      0.00%     99.99% |         296      0.00%    100.00% |         383      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     10255771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       10770     15.81%     15.81% |          29      0.04%     15.85% |        6788      9.96%     25.81% |        8400     12.33%     38.14% |        6333      9.29%     47.43% |        6919     10.15%     57.58% |        7171     10.52%     68.11% |        7099     10.42%     78.53% |        7778     11.41%     89.94% |        6855     10.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        68142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      183197      8.00%      8.00% |           0      0.00%      8.00% |      255866     11.17%     19.17% |      279162     12.19%     31.35% |      263132     11.49%     42.84% |      259001     11.31%     54.15% |      262371     11.45%     65.60% |      256726     11.21%     76.81% |      254591     11.11%     87.92% |      276713     12.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2290759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1726      9.37%      9.37% |        2097     11.38%     20.75% |        3449     18.72%     39.46% |        2111     11.46%     50.92% |        2502     13.58%     64.49% |        2648     14.37%     78.86% |        2100     11.40%     90.26% |        1795      9.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        18428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     4816039    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      4816039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    22235540    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |         209      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     22236590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         536      2.00%      2.00% |           0      0.00%      2.00% |        3474     12.96%     14.96% |        2877     10.73%     25.69% |        2773     10.34%     36.03% |        3096     11.55%     47.58% |        2851     10.63%     58.21% |        3566     13.30%     71.51% |        3901     14.55%     86.06% |        3736     13.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        26810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703170     42.42%     42.42% |           0      0.00%     42.42% |      119054      7.18%     49.60% |      119639      7.22%     56.82% |      119837      7.23%     64.05% |      119513      7.21%     71.26% |      119756      7.22%     78.48% |      119060      7.18%     85.67% |      118712      7.16%     92.83% |      118898      7.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1657639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     15.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           8     40.00%     60.00% |           2     10.00%     70.00% |           2     10.00%     80.00% |           3     15.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12257     74.23%     74.23% |           0      0.00%     74.23% |         361      2.19%     76.42% |         836      5.06%     81.48% |         641      3.88%     85.36% |         447      2.71%     88.07% |         518      3.14%     91.21% |         421      2.55%     93.76% |         453      2.74%     96.50% |         578      3.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        16512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      232615      9.62%      9.62% |          29      0.00%      9.62% |      264662     10.95%     20.57% |      289885     11.99%     32.56% |      273138     11.30%     43.85% |      268260     11.09%     54.95% |      272273     11.26%     66.21% |      266701     11.03%     77.24% |      264699     10.95%     88.19% |      285619     11.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2417881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.03%      0.03% |        2442     13.16%     13.19% |        1981     10.68%     23.86% |        2765     14.90%     38.76% |        2363     12.73%     51.50% |        2997     16.15%     67.65% |        2852     15.37%     83.01% |        2721     14.66%     97.68% |         431      2.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        18557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127557     31.67%     31.67% |           0      0.00%     31.67% |       42801     10.63%     42.30% |       17996      4.47%     46.77% |       33943      8.43%     55.20% |       39214      9.74%     64.94% |       34616      8.60%     73.53% |       40358     10.02%     83.56% |       42464     10.54%     94.10% |       23760      5.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       402709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630     52.04%     52.04% |           0      0.00%     52.04% |         314      6.21%     58.25% |         499      9.87%     68.12% |         349      6.91%     75.03% |         208      4.12%     79.15% |         379      7.50%     86.64% |         212      4.19%     90.84% |         155      3.07%     93.91% |         308      6.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         5054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665210     40.38%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |      122684      7.45%     47.83% |      122671      7.45%     55.28% |      122765      7.45%     62.73% |      122764      7.45%     70.19% |      122768      7.45%     77.64% |      122781      7.45%     85.09% |      122768      7.45%     92.55% |      122789      7.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1647200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     16.67%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           6     33.33%     55.56% |           2     11.11%     66.67% |           2     11.11%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4223     98.44%     98.44% |           0      0.00%     98.44% |           6      0.14%     98.58% |          23      0.54%     99.11% |           8      0.19%     99.30% |          11      0.26%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           6      0.14%     99.70% |           6      0.14%     99.84% |           7      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3372    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          51     13.35%     13.35% |          56     14.66%     28.01% |          59     15.45%     43.46% |          50     13.09%     56.54% |          47     12.30%     68.85% |          45     11.78%     80.63% |          61     15.97%     96.60% |          13      3.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          17     13.71%     13.71% |          10      8.06%     21.77% |          14     11.29%     33.06% |          11      8.87%     41.94% |          17     13.71%     55.65% |          21     16.94%     72.58% |          13     10.48%     83.06% |          21     16.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886367     22.45%     22.45% |           0      0.00%     22.45% |      374852      9.49%     31.95% |      398735     10.10%     42.05% |      382896      9.70%     51.75% |      378453      9.59%     61.33% |      382063      9.68%     71.01% |      375720      9.52%     80.53% |      373229      9.45%     89.98% |      395577     10.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3947892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          68     13.44%     13.44% |          66     13.04%     26.48% |          73     14.43%     40.91% |          61     12.06%     52.96% |          64     12.65%     65.61% |          66     13.04%     78.66% |          74     14.62%     93.28% |          34      6.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          506                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3930      3.09%      3.09% |        3803      2.99%      6.09% |        3541      2.79%      8.87% |        3544      2.79%     11.66% |        3625      2.85%     14.52% |        4093      3.22%     17.74% |        3812      3.00%     20.74% |        3379      2.66%     23.40% |        3696      2.91%     26.31% |        5240      4.12%     30.43% |        4060      3.20%     33.63% |        3872      3.05%     36.68% |        3769      2.97%     39.64% |        4433      3.49%     43.13% |        3947      3.11%     46.24% |        3848      3.03%     49.27% |        4273      3.36%     52.63% |        4240      3.34%     55.97% |        3709      2.92%     58.89% |        3356      2.64%     61.53% |        3135      2.47%     64.00% |        3798      2.99%     66.99% |        3596      2.83%     69.82% |        3448      2.71%     72.53% |        3693      2.91%     75.44% |        3852      3.03%     78.47% |        3328      2.62%     81.09% |        4767      3.75%     84.85% |        4054      3.19%     88.04% |        5397      4.25%     92.29% |        5235      4.12%     96.41% |        4565      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127038                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158908      5.85%      5.85% |       82787      3.05%      8.90% |       81478      3.00%     11.90% |       82637      3.04%     14.94% |       81830      3.01%     17.96% |       81707      3.01%     20.96% |       81104      2.99%     23.95% |       81097      2.99%     26.94% |       81311      2.99%     29.93% |       81660      3.01%     32.94% |       83470      3.07%     36.01% |       82866      3.05%     39.06% |       81801      3.01%     42.08% |       81733      3.01%     45.09% |       80998      2.98%     48.07% |       81099      2.99%     51.05% |       81987      3.02%     54.07% |       81526      3.00%     57.07% |       81811      3.01%     60.09% |       82101      3.02%     63.11% |       81950      3.02%     66.13% |       90527      3.33%     69.46% |       88694      3.27%     72.73% |       81400      3.00%     75.72% |       81391      3.00%     78.72% |       82089      3.02%     81.74% |       81305      2.99%     84.74% |       81204      2.99%     87.73% |       81891      3.02%     90.74% |       81244      2.99%     93.74% |       82075      3.02%     96.76% |       88047      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2715728                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64886      3.94%      3.94% |       50698      3.08%      7.02% |       50695      3.08%     10.09% |       51693      3.14%     13.23% |       50461      3.06%     16.29% |       50244      3.05%     19.34% |       50528      3.07%     22.41% |       50025      3.04%     25.45% |       50219      3.05%     28.50% |       50542      3.07%     31.57% |       50675      3.08%     34.64% |       50188      3.05%     37.69% |       50070      3.04%     40.73% |       50603      3.07%     43.80% |       49954      3.03%     46.83% |       50018      3.04%     49.87% |       50109      3.04%     52.91% |       50562      3.07%     55.98% |       50559      3.07%     59.05% |       50528      3.07%     62.12% |       50852      3.09%     65.20% |       57026      3.46%     68.66% |       52141      3.17%     71.83% |       50351      3.06%     74.89% |       50782      3.08%     77.97% |       50373      3.06%     81.03% |       50732      3.08%     84.11% |       50703      3.08%     87.18% |       51259      3.11%     90.29% |       51027      3.10%     93.39% |       53761      3.26%     96.66% |       55090      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1647354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      211015      5.34%      5.34% |      120730      3.06%      8.40% |      119134      3.02%     11.42% |      120989      3.06%     14.48% |      118730      3.01%     17.49% |      117965      2.99%     20.48% |      118028      2.99%     23.47% |      117510      2.98%     26.45% |      118048      2.99%     29.44% |      118690      3.01%     32.44% |      120455      3.05%     35.49% |      119339      3.02%     38.52% |      118231      2.99%     41.51% |      118796      3.01%     44.52% |      117478      2.98%     47.49% |      117772      2.98%     50.48% |      119081      3.02%     53.49% |      119128      3.02%     56.51% |      119685      3.03%     59.54% |      119958      3.04%     62.58% |      120344      3.05%     65.63% |      134908      3.42%     69.05% |      128540      3.26%     72.30% |      119465      3.03%     75.33% |      119967      3.04%     78.37% |      120203      3.04%     81.41% |      119773      3.03%     84.45% |      119482      3.03%     87.47% |      120788      3.06%     90.53% |      119861      3.04%     93.57% |      123424      3.13%     96.69% |      130569      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      3948086                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          38      5.78%      5.78% |          38      5.78%     11.55% |          33      5.02%     16.57% |          36      5.47%     22.04% |          24      3.65%     25.68% |          51      7.75%     33.43% |          32      4.86%     38.30% |          38      5.78%     44.07% |          31      4.71%     48.78% |          26      3.95%     52.74% |          17      2.58%     55.32% |          21      3.19%     58.51% |          17      2.58%     61.09% |          17      2.58%     63.68% |          19      2.89%     66.57% |          30      4.56%     71.12% |          10      1.52%     72.64% |          11      1.67%     74.32% |          14      2.13%     76.44% |          15      2.28%     78.72% |          10      1.52%     80.24% |           8      1.22%     81.46% |          12      1.82%     83.28% |           5      0.76%     84.04% |           7      1.06%     85.11% |          10      1.52%     86.63% |          12      1.82%     88.45% |          10      1.52%     89.97% |          13      1.98%     91.95% |          17      2.58%     94.53% |          14      2.13%     96.66% |          22      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          658                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       44808      3.84%      3.84% |       36083      3.09%      6.94% |       36048      3.09%     10.03% |       36167      3.10%     13.13% |       36168      3.10%     16.23% |       36168      3.10%     19.33% |       36153      3.10%     22.43% |       36185      3.10%     25.53% |       36173      3.10%     28.64% |       36094      3.10%     31.73% |       36111      3.10%     34.83% |       36187      3.10%     37.93% |       36255      3.11%     41.04% |       36229      3.11%     44.15% |       36142      3.10%     47.25% |       36137      3.10%     50.34% |       36189      3.10%     53.45% |       36074      3.09%     56.54% |       36053      3.09%     59.63% |       36162      3.10%     62.73% |       36235      3.11%     65.84% |       36231      3.11%     68.95% |       36217      3.11%     72.05% |       36210      3.10%     75.16% |       36213      3.11%     78.26% |       36181      3.10%     81.37% |       36133      3.10%     84.46% |       36242      3.11%     87.57% |       36293      3.11%     90.68% |       36236      3.11%     93.79% |       36217      3.11%     96.90% |       36194      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1166188                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       43252      3.14%      3.14% |       42888      3.11%      6.25% |       42942      3.11%      9.36% |       42953      3.11%     12.47% |       43135      3.13%     15.60% |       43072      3.12%     18.72% |       43021      3.12%     21.84% |       43058      3.12%     24.96% |       43091      3.12%     28.09% |       43013      3.12%     31.21% |       43173      3.13%     34.34% |       43153      3.13%     37.47% |       43456      3.15%     40.62% |       43279      3.14%     43.76% |       43120      3.13%     46.88% |       43128      3.13%     50.01% |       43039      3.12%     53.13% |       42962      3.11%     56.24% |       42852      3.11%     59.35% |       42966      3.12%     62.47% |       43218      3.13%     65.60% |       43383      3.15%     68.75% |       43105      3.13%     71.87% |       43125      3.13%     75.00% |       43086      3.12%     78.12% |       43115      3.13%     81.25% |       42978      3.12%     84.36% |       43044      3.12%     87.48% |       43122      3.13%     90.61% |       43219      3.13%     93.74% |       43082      3.12%     96.87% |       43191      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1379221                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       89173      3.46%      3.46% |       80018      3.10%      6.56% |       80036      3.10%      9.66% |       80167      3.11%     12.77% |       80349      3.12%     15.89% |       80286      3.11%     19.00% |       80220      3.11%     22.11% |       80289      3.11%     25.22% |       80310      3.11%     28.34% |       80153      3.11%     31.45% |       80331      3.11%     34.56% |       80386      3.12%     37.68% |       80758      3.13%     40.81% |       80554      3.12%     43.93% |       80308      3.11%     47.05% |       80311      3.11%     50.16% |       80275      3.11%     53.27% |       80082      3.11%     56.38% |       79951      3.10%     59.48% |       80174      3.11%     62.59% |       80499      3.12%     65.71% |       80660      3.13%     68.84% |       80367      3.12%     71.95% |       80381      3.12%     75.07% |       80345      3.12%     78.19% |       80342      3.12%     81.30% |       80157      3.11%     84.41% |       80331      3.11%     87.52% |       80461      3.12%     90.64% |       80501      3.12%     93.77% |       80345      3.12%     96.88% |       80431      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2578951                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       88149      3.46%      3.46% |       78994      3.10%      6.56% |       79012      3.10%      9.67% |       79143      3.11%     12.78% |       79325      3.12%     15.89% |       79262      3.11%     19.00% |       79196      3.11%     22.11% |       79265      3.11%     25.23% |       79286      3.11%     28.34% |       79129      3.11%     31.45% |       79307      3.11%     34.56% |       79362      3.12%     37.68% |       79734      3.13%     40.81% |       79530      3.12%     43.94% |       79284      3.11%     47.05% |       79287      3.11%     50.16% |       79251      3.11%     53.28% |       79058      3.10%     56.38% |       78927      3.10%     59.48% |       79150      3.11%     62.59% |       79475      3.12%     65.71% |       79636      3.13%     68.84% |       79343      3.12%     71.95% |       79357      3.12%     75.07% |       79321      3.12%     78.19% |       79318      3.12%     81.30% |       79133      3.11%     84.41% |       79307      3.11%     87.52% |       79437      3.12%     90.64% |       79477      3.12%     93.77% |       79321      3.12%     96.88% |       79407      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2546183                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         861      3.19%      3.19% |         802      2.97%      6.16% |         829      3.07%      9.24% |         842      3.12%     12.36% |         793      2.94%     15.30% |         808      2.99%     18.29% |         801      2.97%     21.26% |         829      3.07%     24.33% |         822      3.05%     27.38% |         810      3.00%     30.38% |         861      3.19%     33.57% |         835      3.09%     36.67% |         840      3.11%     39.78% |         831      3.08%     42.86% |         862      3.19%     46.05% |         889      3.29%     49.35% |         847      3.14%     52.49% |         842      3.12%     55.61% |         835      3.09%     58.70% |         850      3.15%     61.85% |         906      3.36%     65.21% |         915      3.39%     68.60% |         859      3.18%     71.78% |         899      3.33%     75.12% |         845      3.13%     78.25% |         832      3.08%     81.33% |         818      3.03%     84.36% |         843      3.12%     87.49% |         833      3.09%     90.58% |         845      3.13%     93.71% |         853      3.16%     96.87% |         845      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        26982                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         597      3.18%      3.18% |         583      3.11%      6.29% |         590      3.14%      9.43% |         536      2.86%     12.29% |         528      2.81%     15.10% |         475      2.53%     17.63% |         494      2.63%     20.26% |         422      2.25%     22.51% |         463      2.47%     24.98% |         449      2.39%     27.37% |         556      2.96%     30.34% |         499      2.66%     32.99% |         531      2.83%     35.82% |         458      2.44%     38.26% |         536      2.86%     41.12% |         485      2.58%     43.70% |         544      2.90%     46.60% |         524      2.79%     49.40% |         594      3.17%     52.56% |         619      3.30%     55.86% |         664      3.54%     59.40% |         605      3.22%     62.62% |         725      3.86%     66.48% |         633      3.37%     69.86% |         714      3.80%     73.66% |         690      3.68%     77.34% |         712      3.79%     81.13% |         694      3.70%     84.83% |         735      3.92%     88.75% |         699      3.72%     92.47% |         748      3.99%     96.46% |         665      3.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        18767                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2657      3.06%      3.06% |        2673      3.08%      6.14% |        2799      3.22%      9.36% |        2847      3.28%     12.64% |        2968      3.42%     16.06% |        2931      3.38%     19.43% |        2974      3.42%     22.86% |        2932      3.38%     26.23% |        2960      3.41%     29.64% |        2900      3.34%     32.98% |        2958      3.41%     36.39% |        2954      3.40%     39.79% |        3014      3.47%     43.26% |        2889      3.33%     46.59% |        2872      3.31%     49.90% |        2783      3.20%     53.10% |        2782      3.20%     56.30% |        2659      3.06%     59.37% |        2626      3.02%     62.39% |        2582      2.97%     65.36% |        2561      2.95%     68.31% |        2496      2.87%     71.19% |        2497      2.88%     74.06% |        2453      2.82%     76.89% |        2506      2.89%     79.77% |        2443      2.81%     82.59% |        2481      2.86%     85.44% |        2476      2.85%     88.30% |        2515      2.90%     91.19% |        2505      2.88%     94.08% |        2570      2.96%     97.04% |        2574      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        86837                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        5308      3.11%      3.11% |        5190      3.05%      6.16% |        5297      3.11%      9.27% |        5337      3.13%     12.40% |        5469      3.21%     15.61% |        5413      3.18%     18.79% |        5472      3.21%     22.00% |        5433      3.19%     25.18% |        5469      3.21%     28.39% |        5395      3.17%     31.56% |        5499      3.23%     34.79% |        5529      3.24%     38.03% |        5664      3.32%     41.35% |        5514      3.24%     44.59% |        5499      3.23%     47.82% |        5409      3.17%     50.99% |        5348      3.14%     54.13% |        5332      3.13%     57.26% |        5249      3.08%     60.34% |        5192      3.05%     63.38% |        5168      3.03%     66.42% |        5280      3.10%     69.51% |        5201      3.05%     72.57% |        5115      3.00%     75.57% |        5190      3.05%     78.61% |        5232      3.07%     81.68% |        5181      3.04%     84.72% |        5157      3.03%     87.75% |        5177      3.04%     90.79% |        5235      3.07%     93.86% |        5221      3.06%     96.92% |        5247      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       170422                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         587      3.16%      3.16% |         572      3.08%      6.25% |         583      3.14%      9.39% |         525      2.83%     12.22% |         520      2.80%     15.02% |         461      2.48%     17.50% |         484      2.61%     20.11% |         412      2.22%     22.33% |         453      2.44%     24.77% |         437      2.35%     27.13% |         549      2.96%     30.09% |         489      2.64%     32.72% |         522      2.81%     35.53% |         452      2.44%     37.97% |         528      2.85%     40.81% |         475      2.56%     43.37% |         540      2.91%     46.28% |         519      2.80%     49.08% |         590      3.18%     52.26% |         616      3.32%     55.58% |         659      3.55%     59.13% |         602      3.24%     62.38% |         722      3.89%     66.27% |         631      3.40%     69.67% |         712      3.84%     73.50% |         686      3.70%     77.20% |         707      3.81%     81.01% |         691      3.72%     84.73% |         731      3.94%     88.67% |         695      3.75%     92.42% |         745      4.01%     96.43% |         662      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        18557                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      214728      5.28%      5.28% |      124296      3.06%      8.34% |      122701      3.02%     11.36% |      124529      3.06%     14.42% |      122211      3.01%     17.43% |      121418      2.99%     20.41% |      121474      2.99%     23.40% |      120901      2.97%     26.38% |      121453      2.99%     29.36% |      122101      3.00%     32.37% |      124032      3.05%     35.42% |      122874      3.02%     38.44% |      121788      3.00%     41.44% |      122299      3.01%     44.45% |      121097      2.98%     47.43% |      121359      2.99%     50.41% |      122650      3.02%     53.43% |      122751      3.02%     56.45% |      123310      3.03%     59.48% |      123668      3.04%     62.52% |      124176      3.05%     65.58% |      138808      3.41%     68.99% |      132445      3.26%     72.25% |      123293      3.03%     75.28% |      123809      3.05%     78.33% |      124060      3.05%     81.38% |      123594      3.04%     84.42% |      123346      3.03%     87.46% |      124664      3.07%     90.52% |      123695      3.04%     93.57% |      127243      3.13%     96.70% |      134344      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4065117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         517      3.19%      3.19% |         458      2.83%      6.02% |         470      2.90%      8.93% |         455      2.81%     11.74% |         478      2.95%     14.69% |         434      2.68%     17.37% |         470      2.90%     20.28% |         495      3.06%     23.33% |         529      3.27%     26.60% |         470      2.90%     29.51% |         494      3.05%     32.56% |         502      3.10%     35.66% |         606      3.74%     39.40% |         533      3.29%     42.70% |         508      3.14%     45.84% |         524      3.24%     49.07% |         529      3.27%     52.34% |         544      3.36%     55.70% |         530      3.27%     58.98% |         487      3.01%     61.99% |         472      2.92%     64.90% |         520      3.21%     68.11% |         492      3.04%     71.15% |         474      2.93%     74.08% |         523      3.23%     77.31% |         577      3.56%     80.88% |         519      3.21%     84.09% |         470      2.90%     86.99% |         470      2.90%     89.89% |         555      3.43%     93.32% |         552      3.41%     96.73% |         529      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16186                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       51928      3.74%      3.74% |       42986      3.10%      6.84% |       43007      3.10%      9.93% |       43013      3.10%     13.03% |       43157      3.11%     16.14% |       43158      3.11%     19.25% |       43062      3.10%     22.35% |       43090      3.10%     25.45% |       43083      3.10%     28.56% |       43079      3.10%     31.66% |       43213      3.11%     34.77% |       43157      3.11%     37.88% |       43328      3.12%     41.00% |       43249      3.12%     44.12% |       43102      3.10%     47.22% |       43088      3.10%     50.32% |       43051      3.10%     53.43% |       42938      3.09%     56.52% |       42882      3.09%     59.61% |       43036      3.10%     62.71% |       43197      3.11%     65.82% |       43349      3.12%     68.94% |       43145      3.11%     72.05% |       43154      3.11%     75.16% |       43115      3.11%     78.26% |       43101      3.10%     81.37% |       43016      3.10%     84.46% |       43114      3.11%     87.57% |       43192      3.11%     90.68% |       43184      3.11%     93.79% |       43031      3.10%     96.89% |       43188      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1388393                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       36728      3.13%      3.13% |       36574      3.11%      6.24% |       36559      3.11%      9.35% |       36699      3.12%     12.48% |       36714      3.13%     15.61% |       36694      3.12%     18.73% |       36688      3.12%     21.85% |       36704      3.13%     24.98% |       36698      3.12%     28.11% |       36604      3.12%     31.22% |       36624      3.12%     34.34% |       36727      3.13%     37.47% |       36824      3.14%     40.60% |       36772      3.13%     43.73% |       36698      3.12%     46.86% |       36699      3.12%     49.98% |       36695      3.12%     53.11% |       36600      3.12%     56.23% |       36539      3.11%     59.34% |       36651      3.12%     62.46% |       36830      3.14%     65.59% |       36791      3.13%     68.73% |       36731      3.13%     71.85% |       36753      3.13%     74.98% |       36707      3.13%     78.11% |       36664      3.12%     81.23% |       36622      3.12%     84.35% |       36748      3.13%     87.48% |       36799      3.13%     90.61% |       36762      3.13%     93.74% |       36762      3.13%     96.87% |       36714      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1174374                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          18      6.00%      6.00% |          18      6.00%     12.00% |          17      5.67%     17.67% |          17      5.67%     23.33% |          10      3.33%     26.67% |          25      8.33%     35.00% |          16      5.33%     40.33% |          18      6.00%     46.33% |          15      5.00%     51.33% |          12      4.00%     55.33% |           8      2.67%     58.00% |          10      3.33%     61.33% |           9      3.00%     64.33% |           8      2.67%     67.00% |          10      3.33%     70.33% |          15      5.00%     75.33% |           5      1.67%     77.00% |           6      2.00%     79.00% |           5      1.67%     80.67% |           6      2.00%     82.67% |           4      1.33%     84.00% |           4      1.33%     85.33% |           6      2.00%     87.33% |           2      0.67%     88.00% |           2      0.67%     88.67% |           2      0.67%     89.33% |           4      1.33%     90.67% |           3      1.00%     91.67% |           6      2.00%     93.67% |           7      2.33%     96.00% |           4      1.33%     97.33% |           8      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          300                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4255      3.10%      3.10% |        4317      3.14%      6.24% |        4375      3.18%      9.42% |        4555      3.32%     12.74% |        4603      3.35%     16.09% |        5014      3.65%     19.74% |        4572      3.33%     23.07% |        4623      3.37%     26.43% |        4491      3.27%     29.70% |        4539      3.30%     33.01% |        4443      3.23%     36.24% |        4559      3.32%     39.56% |        4434      3.23%     42.79% |        4513      3.29%     46.07% |        4421      3.22%     49.29% |        4427      3.22%     52.51% |        4233      3.08%     55.59% |        4281      3.12%     58.71% |        4119      3.00%     61.71% |        4174      3.04%     64.75% |        3901      2.84%     67.59% |        4015      2.92%     70.51% |        3905      2.84%     73.35% |        4030      2.93%     76.29% |        3924      2.86%     79.14% |        4015      2.92%     82.07% |        4006      2.92%     84.98% |        4132      3.01%     87.99% |        4063      2.96%     90.95% |        4135      3.01%     93.96% |        4098      2.98%     96.94% |        4204      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       137376                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1      0.89%      0.89% |           1      0.89%      1.79% |           5      4.46%      6.25% |           5      4.46%     10.71% |           0      0.00%     10.71% |           0      0.00%     10.71% |           3      2.68%     13.39% |           0      0.00%     13.39% |           6      5.36%     18.75% |           1      0.89%     19.64% |           7      6.25%     25.89% |           5      4.46%     30.36% |           2      1.79%     32.14% |           2      1.79%     33.93% |           6      5.36%     39.29% |           6      5.36%     44.64% |           6      5.36%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2      1.79%     51.79% |           3      2.68%     54.46% |           4      3.57%     58.04% |           5      4.46%     62.50% |           4      3.57%     66.07% |           6      5.36%     71.43% |           3      2.68%     74.11% |           3      2.68%     76.79% |           3      2.68%     79.46% |           5      4.46%     83.93% |           2      1.79%     85.71% |           7      6.25%     91.96% |           6      5.36%     97.32% |           3      2.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          112                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        3168      3.10%      3.10% |        3129      3.06%      6.16% |        3256      3.18%      9.34% |        3293      3.22%     12.56% |        3421      3.35%     15.91% |        3362      3.29%     19.20% |        3420      3.34%     22.54% |        3411      3.34%     25.87% |        3441      3.36%     29.24% |        3348      3.27%     32.51% |        3425      3.35%     35.86% |        3430      3.35%     39.22% |        3568      3.49%     42.71% |        3399      3.32%     46.03% |        3354      3.28%     49.31% |        3284      3.21%     52.52% |        3249      3.18%     55.70% |        3169      3.10%     58.80% |        3128      3.06%     61.86% |        3036      2.97%     64.83% |        2987      2.92%     67.75% |        2986      2.92%     70.67% |        2965      2.90%     73.57% |        2911      2.85%     76.41% |        3000      2.93%     79.35% |        3000      2.93%     82.28% |        2982      2.92%     85.20% |        2932      2.87%     88.06% |        2968      2.90%     90.97% |        3045      2.98%     93.94% |        3099      3.03%     96.97% |        3095      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total       102261                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       99978      9.10%      9.10% |       32711      2.98%     12.08% |       31205      2.84%     14.92% |       32136      2.92%     17.84% |       31019      2.82%     20.66% |       30498      2.78%     23.44% |       30385      2.77%     26.21% |       30340      2.76%     28.97% |       30669      2.79%     31.76% |       30988      2.82%     34.58% |       32586      2.97%     37.54% |       32032      2.92%     40.46% |       30897      2.81%     43.27% |       30939      2.82%     46.09% |       30445      2.77%     48.86% |       30648      2.79%     51.65% |       31786      2.89%     54.54% |       31481      2.87%     57.41% |       31989      2.91%     60.32% |       32142      2.93%     63.24% |       32148      2.93%     66.17% |       40421      3.68%     69.85% |       38975      3.55%     73.39% |       31654      2.88%     76.28% |       31736      2.89%     79.16% |       32384      2.95%     82.11% |       31663      2.88%     84.99% |       31345      2.85%     87.85% |       32006      2.91%     90.76% |       31300      2.85%     93.61% |       32260      2.94%     96.54% |       37975      3.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1098741                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       28156      5.96%      5.96% |       14122      2.99%      8.94% |       14133      2.99%     11.93% |       14993      3.17%     15.10% |       13747      2.91%     18.01% |       13548      2.87%     20.88% |       13839      2.93%     23.80% |       13321      2.82%     26.62% |       13521      2.86%     29.48% |       13934      2.95%     32.43% |       14050      2.97%     35.40% |       13458      2.85%     38.24% |       13239      2.80%     41.05% |       13830      2.93%     43.97% |       13256      2.80%     46.77% |       13317      2.82%     49.59% |       13412      2.84%     52.43% |       13962      2.95%     55.38% |       14016      2.96%     58.34% |       13875      2.93%     61.28% |       13945      2.95%     64.23% |       20187      4.27%     68.50% |       15410      3.26%     71.76% |       13595      2.88%     74.63% |       14068      2.98%     77.61% |       13709      2.90%     80.51% |       14107      2.98%     83.49% |       13954      2.95%     86.44% |       14460      3.06%     89.50% |       14262      3.02%     92.52% |       16999      3.60%     96.11% |       18375      3.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       472800                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       44304      3.85%      3.85% |       35561      3.09%      6.95% |       35530      3.09%     10.04% |       35640      3.10%     13.14% |       35694      3.11%     16.24% |       35661      3.10%     19.35% |       35666      3.10%     22.45% |       35664      3.10%     25.55% |       35673      3.10%     28.65% |       35590      3.10%     31.75% |       35575      3.09%     34.85% |       35670      3.10%     37.95% |       35759      3.11%     41.06% |       35728      3.11%     44.17% |       35616      3.10%     47.27% |       35591      3.10%     50.36% |       35652      3.10%     53.46% |       35552      3.09%     56.56% |       35514      3.09%     59.65% |       35619      3.10%     62.74% |       35715      3.11%     65.85% |       35716      3.11%     68.96% |       35688      3.10%     72.06% |       35655      3.10%     75.16% |       35662      3.10%     78.27% |       35649      3.10%     81.37% |       35613      3.10%     84.47% |       35709      3.11%     87.57% |       35776      3.11%     90.68% |       35717      3.11%     93.79% |       35702      3.11%     96.90% |       35665      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1149526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       37633      3.14%      3.14% |       37407      3.12%      6.26% |       37327      3.11%      9.38% |       37290      3.11%     12.49% |       37339      3.12%     15.60% |       37344      3.12%     18.72% |       37225      3.11%     21.83% |       37308      3.11%     24.94% |       37290      3.11%     28.05% |       37301      3.11%     31.17% |       37342      3.12%     34.28% |       37296      3.11%     37.39% |       37439      3.12%     40.52% |       37429      3.12%     43.64% |       37277      3.11%     46.75% |       37366      3.12%     49.87% |       37377      3.12%     52.99% |       37305      3.11%     56.10% |       37303      3.11%     59.22% |       37464      3.13%     62.34% |       37659      3.14%     65.48% |       37700      3.15%     68.63% |       37571      3.14%     71.77% |       37665      3.14%     74.91% |       37600      3.14%     78.05% |       37579      3.14%     81.18% |       37494      3.13%     84.31% |       37573      3.14%     87.45% |       37625      3.14%     90.59% |       37654      3.14%     93.73% |       37520      3.13%     96.86% |       37625      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1198327                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         587      3.16%      3.16% |         572      3.08%      6.25% |         583      3.14%      9.39% |         525      2.83%     12.22% |         520      2.80%     15.02% |         461      2.48%     17.50% |         484      2.61%     20.11% |         412      2.22%     22.33% |         453      2.44%     24.77% |         437      2.35%     27.13% |         549      2.96%     30.09% |         489      2.64%     32.72% |         522      2.81%     35.53% |         452      2.44%     37.97% |         528      2.85%     40.81% |         475      2.56%     43.37% |         540      2.91%     46.28% |         519      2.80%     49.08% |         590      3.18%     52.26% |         616      3.32%     55.58% |         659      3.55%     59.13% |         602      3.24%     62.38% |         722      3.89%     66.27% |         631      3.40%     69.67% |         712      3.84%     73.50% |         686      3.70%     77.20% |         707      3.81%     81.01% |         691      3.72%     84.73% |         731      3.94%     88.67% |         695      3.75%     92.42% |         745      4.01%     96.43% |         662      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        18557                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      211014      5.34%      5.34% |      120728      3.06%      8.40% |      119127      3.02%     11.42% |      120981      3.06%     14.48% |      118730      3.01%     17.49% |      117965      2.99%     20.48% |      118023      2.99%     23.47% |      117510      2.98%     26.45% |      118038      2.99%     29.44% |      118688      3.01%     32.44% |      120445      3.05%     35.49% |      119332      3.02%     38.52% |      118226      2.99%     41.51% |      118792      3.01%     44.52% |      117467      2.98%     47.50% |      117761      2.98%     50.48% |      119072      3.02%     53.49% |      119128      3.02%     56.51% |      119682      3.03%     59.54% |      119952      3.04%     62.58% |      120338      3.05%     65.63% |      134897      3.42%     69.05% |      128533      3.26%     72.30% |      119453      3.03%     75.33% |      119961      3.04%     78.37% |      120197      3.04%     81.41% |      119769      3.03%     84.45% |      119473      3.03%     87.47% |      120785      3.06%     90.53% |      119848      3.04%     93.57% |      123413      3.13%     96.69% |      130564      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      3947892                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         503      3.02%      3.02% |         521      3.13%      6.15% |         517      3.11%      9.26% |         526      3.16%     12.42% |         474      2.85%     15.27% |         504      3.03%     18.30% |         485      2.91%     21.21% |         521      3.13%     24.34% |         500      3.00%     27.35% |         503      3.02%     30.37% |         536      3.22%     33.59% |         517      3.11%     36.70% |         495      2.97%     39.67% |         501      3.01%     42.68% |         525      3.15%     45.84% |         546      3.28%     49.12% |         537      3.23%     52.34% |         522      3.14%     55.48% |         538      3.23%     58.71% |         543      3.26%     61.98% |         520      3.12%     65.10% |         513      3.08%     68.18% |         529      3.18%     71.36% |         555      3.33%     74.70% |         549      3.30%     78.00% |         532      3.20%     81.19% |         519      3.12%     84.31% |         533      3.20%     87.51% |         517      3.11%     90.62% |         519      3.12%     93.74% |         515      3.09%     96.83% |         527      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        16642                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2451      3.12%      3.12% |        2352      2.99%      6.11% |        2359      3.00%      9.11% |        2370      3.01%     12.12% |        2375      3.02%     15.14% |        2366      3.01%     18.15% |        2376      3.02%     21.17% |        2339      2.97%     24.15% |        2360      3.00%     27.15% |        2364      3.01%     30.16% |        2406      3.06%     33.22% |        2427      3.09%     36.30% |        2449      3.11%     39.42% |        2451      3.12%     42.53% |        2489      3.17%     45.70% |        2478      3.15%     48.85% |        2413      3.07%     51.92% |        2488      3.16%     55.08% |        2421      3.08%     58.16% |        2466      3.14%     61.30% |        2572      3.27%     64.57% |        2697      3.43%     68.00% |        2569      3.27%     71.27% |        2549      3.24%     74.51% |        2486      3.16%     77.67% |        2536      3.23%     80.89% |        2502      3.18%     84.08% |        2539      3.23%     87.30% |        2529      3.22%     90.52% |        2520      3.20%     93.73% |        2463      3.13%     96.86% |        2471      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        78633                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |          47     27.98%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |          39     23.21%     59.52% |          34     20.24%     79.76% |          34     20.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          168                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      0.27%      0.27% |           2      0.55%      0.82% |           3      0.82%      1.64% |           3      0.82%      2.46% |           3      0.82%      3.28% |           2      0.55%      3.83% |           1      0.27%      4.10% |           3      0.82%      4.92% |           3      0.82%      5.74% |           6      1.64%      7.38% |          69     18.85%     26.23% |           4      1.09%     27.32% |           5      1.37%     28.69% |           7      1.91%     30.60% |           4      1.09%     31.69% |           5      1.37%     33.06% |           3      0.82%     33.88% |           5      1.37%     35.25% |           7      1.91%     37.16% |           4      1.09%     38.25% |           7      1.91%     40.16% |         125     34.15%     74.32% |          39     10.66%     84.97% |          10      2.73%     87.70% |           6      1.64%     89.34% |           7      1.91%     91.26% |           9      2.46%     93.72% |           6      1.64%     95.36% |           5      1.37%     96.72% |           4      1.09%     97.81% |           5      1.37%     99.18% |           3      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          366                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      1.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |           2      2.00%      3.00% |           0      0.00%      3.00% |           0      0.00%      3.00% |           1      1.00%      4.00% |           1      1.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           1      1.00%      6.00% |           3      3.00%      9.00% |           2      2.00%     11.00% |           1      1.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           2      2.00%     14.00% |           0      0.00%     14.00% |           0      0.00%     14.00% |           0      0.00%     14.00% |           1      1.00%     15.00% |          69     69.00%     84.00% |           2      2.00%     86.00% |           0      0.00%     86.00% |           3      3.00%     89.00% |           3      3.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           3      3.00%     95.00% |           1      1.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           3      3.00%     99.00% |           0      0.00%     99.00% |           1      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          100                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1      1.22%      1.22% |           3      3.66%      4.88% |           1      1.22%      6.10% |           2      2.44%      8.54% |           4      4.88%     13.41% |           1      1.22%     14.63% |           0      0.00%     14.63% |           3      3.66%     18.29% |           2      2.44%     20.73% |           2      2.44%     23.17% |           1      1.22%     24.39% |           1      1.22%     25.61% |           0      0.00%     25.61% |           1      1.22%     26.83% |           0      0.00%     26.83% |           2      2.44%     29.27% |           0      0.00%     29.27% |           0      0.00%     29.27% |           4      4.88%     34.15% |           4      4.88%     39.02% |           2      2.44%     41.46% |           1      1.22%     42.68% |           2      2.44%     45.12% |           2      2.44%     47.56% |           4      4.88%     52.44% |           6      7.32%     59.76% |           4      4.88%     64.63% |           4      4.88%     69.51% |           2      2.44%     71.95% |           8      9.76%     81.71% |           6      7.32%     89.02% |           9     10.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           82                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       88149      3.46%      3.46% |       78994      3.10%      6.56% |       79012      3.10%      9.67% |       79143      3.11%     12.78% |       79325      3.12%     15.89% |       79262      3.11%     19.00% |       79196      3.11%     22.11% |       79265      3.11%     25.23% |       79286      3.11%     28.34% |       79129      3.11%     31.45% |       79307      3.11%     34.56% |       79362      3.12%     37.68% |       79734      3.13%     40.81% |       79530      3.12%     43.94% |       79284      3.11%     47.05% |       79287      3.11%     50.16% |       79251      3.11%     53.28% |       79058      3.10%     56.38% |       78927      3.10%     59.48% |       79150      3.11%     62.59% |       79475      3.12%     65.71% |       79636      3.13%     68.84% |       79343      3.12%     71.95% |       79357      3.12%     75.07% |       79321      3.12%     78.19% |       79318      3.12%     81.30% |       79133      3.11%     84.41% |       79307      3.11%     87.52% |       79437      3.12%     90.64% |       79477      3.12%     93.77% |       79321      3.12%     96.88% |       79407      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2546183                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           7     14.00%     14.00% |           5     10.00%     24.00% |           2      4.00%     28.00% |           3      6.00%     34.00% |           3      6.00%     40.00% |           6     12.00%     52.00% |           3      6.00%     58.00% |           4      8.00%     66.00% |           4      8.00%     74.00% |           0      0.00%     74.00% |           1      2.00%     76.00% |           0      0.00%     76.00% |           0      0.00%     76.00% |           1      2.00%     78.00% |           1      2.00%     80.00% |           2      4.00%     84.00% |           1      2.00%     86.00% |           0      0.00%     86.00% |           0      0.00%     86.00% |           2      4.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1      2.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      2.00%     94.00% |           1      2.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      2.00%     98.00% |           1      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           50                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         556      3.34%      3.34% |         519      3.12%      6.46% |         516      3.10%      9.56% |         524      3.15%     12.70% |         473      2.84%     15.55% |         504      3.03%     18.57% |         484      2.91%     21.48% |         519      3.12%     24.60% |         499      3.00%     27.59% |         502      3.02%     30.61% |         533      3.20%     33.81% |         515      3.09%     36.91% |         495      2.97%     39.88% |         500      3.00%     42.88% |         524      3.15%     46.03% |         545      3.27%     49.30% |         537      3.23%     52.53% |         520      3.12%     55.65% |         537      3.23%     58.88% |         542      3.26%     62.13% |         518      3.11%     65.25% |         510      3.06%     68.31% |         526      3.16%     71.47% |         552      3.32%     74.78% |         547      3.29%     78.07% |         530      3.18%     81.25% |         519      3.12%     84.37% |         533      3.20%     87.57% |         514      3.09%     90.66% |         518      3.11%     93.77% |         515      3.09%     96.86% |         522      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        16648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.66%      5.66% |           2      3.77%      9.43% |           1      1.89%     11.32% |           2      3.77%     15.09% |           1      1.89%     16.98% |           0      0.00%     16.98% |           1      1.89%     18.87% |           3      5.66%     24.53% |           1      1.89%     26.42% |           2      3.77%     30.19% |           3      5.66%     35.85% |           2      3.77%     39.62% |           0      0.00%     39.62% |           1      1.89%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           1      1.89%     45.28% |           0      0.00%     45.28% |           2      3.77%     49.06% |           1      1.89%     50.94% |           1      1.89%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           3      5.66%     62.26% |           3      5.66%     67.92% |           4      7.55%     75.47% |           2      3.77%     79.25% |           2      3.77%     83.02% |           0      0.00%     83.02% |           0      0.00%     83.02% |           3      5.66%     88.68% |           1      1.89%     90.57% |           0      0.00%     90.57% |           5      9.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.27%      2.27% |           0      0.00%      2.27% |           0      0.00%      2.27% |           0      0.00%      2.27% |           0      0.00%      2.27% |           0      0.00%      2.27% |           6     13.64%     15.91% |           0      0.00%     15.91% |           0      0.00%     15.91% |           0      0.00%     15.91% |           1      2.27%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      2.27%     20.45% |           0      0.00%     20.45% |           0      0.00%     20.45% |           0      0.00%     20.45% |           0      0.00%     20.45% |          32     72.73%     93.18% |           3      6.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     14.81%     14.81% |          46     85.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          11      4.89%      4.89% |          12      5.33%     10.22% |          13      5.78%     16.00% |          14      6.22%     22.22% |           7      3.11%     25.33% |          19      8.44%     33.78% |          13      5.78%     39.56% |          13      5.78%     45.33% |          10      4.44%     49.78% |          12      5.33%     55.11% |           7      3.11%     58.22% |          10      4.44%     62.67% |           8      3.56%     66.22% |           7      3.11%     69.33% |           8      3.56%     72.89% |          11      4.89%     77.78% |           4      1.78%     79.56% |           5      2.22%     81.78% |           5      2.22%     84.00% |           3      1.33%     85.33% |           4      1.78%     87.11% |           3      1.33%     88.44% |           3      1.33%     89.78% |           1      0.44%     90.22% |           1      0.44%     90.67% |           2      0.89%     91.56% |           4      1.78%     93.33% |           2      0.89%     94.22% |           4      1.78%     96.00% |           2      0.89%     96.89% |           3      1.33%     98.22% |           4      1.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          225                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         305      2.95%      2.95% |         283      2.74%      5.69% |         313      3.03%      8.72% |         318      3.08%     11.80% |         320      3.10%     14.90% |         304      2.94%     17.84% |         317      3.07%     20.91% |         310      3.00%     23.91% |         323      3.13%     27.04% |         308      2.98%     30.02% |         328      3.18%     33.20% |         320      3.10%     36.30% |         345      3.34%     39.64% |         331      3.20%     42.84% |         338      3.27%     46.11% |         344      3.33%     49.44% |         310      3.00%     52.44% |         322      3.12%     55.56% |         298      2.89%     58.45% |         308      2.98%     61.43% |         388      3.76%     65.19% |         403      3.90%     69.09% |         333      3.22%     72.31% |         347      3.36%     75.67% |         298      2.89%     78.56% |         302      2.92%     81.48% |         298      2.89%     84.36% |         310      3.00%     87.37% |         319      3.09%     90.45% |         327      3.17%     93.62% |         338      3.27%     96.89% |         321      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        10329                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |          10      4.65%      4.65% |          11      5.12%      9.77% |           7      3.26%     13.02% |          11      5.12%     18.14% |           8      3.72%     21.86% |          14      6.51%     28.37% |          10      4.65%     33.02% |          10      4.65%     37.67% |          10      4.65%     42.33% |          12      5.58%     47.91% |           7      3.26%     51.16% |          10      4.65%     55.81% |           9      4.19%     60.00% |           6      2.79%     62.79% |           8      3.72%     66.51% |          10      4.65%     71.16% |           4      1.86%     73.02% |           5      2.33%     75.35% |           4      1.86%     77.21% |           3      1.40%     78.60% |           5      2.33%     80.93% |           5      2.33%     83.26% |           3      1.40%     84.65% |           2      0.93%     85.58% |           2      0.93%     86.51% |           4      1.86%     88.37% |           6      2.79%     91.16% |           3      1.40%     92.56% |           4      1.86%     94.42% |           4      1.86%     96.28% |           3      1.40%     97.67% |           5      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          215                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        2136      3.14%      3.14% |        2058      3.02%      6.16% |        2039      2.99%      9.15% |        2041      3.00%     12.15% |        2047      3.01%     15.16% |        2048      3.01%     18.17% |        2049      3.01%     21.18% |        2019      2.97%     24.14% |        2027      2.98%     27.12% |        2044      3.00%     30.12% |        2071      3.04%     33.16% |        2097      3.08%     36.24% |        2095      3.08%     39.32% |        2114      3.10%     42.42% |        2143      3.15%     45.57% |        2124      3.12%     48.69% |        2099      3.08%     51.77% |        2161      3.17%     54.95% |        2119      3.11%     58.06% |        2155      3.16%     61.22% |        2179      3.20%     64.42% |        2289      3.36%     67.78% |        2233      3.28%     71.06% |        2200      3.23%     74.30% |        2186      3.21%     77.51% |        2230      3.28%     80.78% |        2198      3.23%     84.01% |        2226      3.27%     87.28% |        2206      3.24%     90.52% |        2189      3.21%     93.73% |        2122      3.12%     96.85% |        2145      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        68089                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2657      3.06%      3.06% |        2673      3.08%      6.14% |        2799      3.22%      9.36% |        2847      3.28%     12.64% |        2968      3.42%     16.06% |        2931      3.38%     19.43% |        2974      3.43%     22.86% |        2932      3.38%     26.24% |        2960      3.41%     29.64% |        2900      3.34%     32.98% |        2958      3.41%     36.39% |        2954      3.40%     39.79% |        3014      3.47%     43.26% |        2889      3.33%     46.59% |        2872      3.31%     49.90% |        2783      3.21%     53.10% |        2782      3.20%     56.31% |        2659      3.06%     59.37% |        2626      3.02%     62.39% |        2582      2.97%     65.37% |        2561      2.95%     68.32% |        2494      2.87%     71.19% |        2497      2.88%     74.06% |        2453      2.82%     76.89% |        2506      2.89%     79.78% |        2443      2.81%     82.59% |        2480      2.86%     85.45% |        2476      2.85%     88.30% |        2515      2.90%     91.19% |        2505      2.88%     94.08% |        2570      2.96%     97.04% |        2572      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        86832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        3168      3.10%      3.10% |        3129      3.06%      6.16% |        3256      3.18%      9.34% |        3293      3.22%     12.56% |        3421      3.35%     15.91% |        3362      3.29%     19.20% |        3420      3.34%     22.54% |        3411      3.34%     25.88% |        3441      3.36%     29.24% |        3348      3.27%     32.51% |        3425      3.35%     35.86% |        3430      3.35%     39.22% |        3568      3.49%     42.71% |        3399      3.32%     46.03% |        3354      3.28%     49.31% |        3284      3.21%     52.52% |        3249      3.18%     55.70% |        3169      3.10%     58.80% |        3128      3.06%     61.86% |        3036      2.97%     64.83% |        2987      2.92%     67.75% |        2986      2.92%     70.67% |        2965      2.90%     73.57% |        2911      2.85%     76.41% |        3000      2.93%     79.35% |        3000      2.93%     82.28% |        2982      2.92%     85.20% |        2931      2.87%     88.06% |        2968      2.90%     90.97% |        3045      2.98%     93.94% |        3099      3.03%     96.97% |        3095      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total       102260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |        2064      2.98%      2.98% |        2099      3.03%      6.01% |        2204      3.18%      9.20% |        2313      3.34%     12.54% |        2426      3.50%     16.04% |        2481      3.58%     19.62% |        2500      3.61%     23.24% |        2554      3.69%     26.92% |        2518      3.64%     30.56% |        2508      3.62%     34.18% |        2441      3.53%     37.71% |        2500      3.61%     41.32% |        2505      3.62%     44.94% |        2491      3.60%     48.54% |        2408      3.48%     52.01% |        2393      3.46%     55.47% |        2296      3.32%     58.79% |        2230      3.22%     62.01% |        2124      3.07%     65.08% |        2039      2.95%     68.02% |        1945      2.81%     70.83% |        1940      2.80%     73.63% |        1816      2.62%     76.25% |        1863      2.69%     78.95% |        1822      2.63%     81.58% |        1798      2.60%     84.17% |        1816      2.62%     86.80% |        1815      2.62%     89.42% |        1795      2.59%     92.01% |        1813      2.62%     94.63% |        1810      2.61%     97.24% |        1908      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        69235                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       49864      3.78%      3.78% |       40887      3.10%      6.88% |       40803      3.09%      9.97% |       40700      3.09%     13.06% |       40731      3.09%     16.15% |       40677      3.08%     19.23% |       40562      3.07%     22.30% |       40536      3.07%     25.38% |       40565      3.08%     28.45% |       40571      3.08%     31.53% |       40772      3.09%     34.62% |       40657      3.08%     37.70% |       40823      3.09%     40.79% |       40758      3.09%     43.88% |       40694      3.08%     46.97% |       40695      3.08%     50.05% |       40755      3.09%     53.14% |       40708      3.09%     56.23% |       40758      3.09%     59.32% |       40997      3.11%     62.43% |       41252      3.13%     65.55% |       41409      3.14%     68.69% |       41329      3.13%     71.83% |       41291      3.13%     74.96% |       41293      3.13%     78.09% |       41303      3.13%     81.22% |       41200      3.12%     84.34% |       41299      3.13%     87.47% |       41397      3.14%     90.61% |       41371      3.14%     93.75% |       41221      3.12%     96.87% |       41280      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1319158                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        2581      3.02%      3.02% |        2557      2.99%      6.02% |        2674      3.13%      9.15% |        2768      3.24%     12.39% |        2904      3.40%     15.79% |        2915      3.41%     19.20% |        2970      3.48%     22.68% |        3049      3.57%     26.24% |        3047      3.57%     29.81% |        2978      3.49%     33.30% |        2935      3.44%     36.73% |        3002      3.51%     40.25% |        3111      3.64%     43.89% |        3024      3.54%     47.43% |        2916      3.41%     50.84% |        2917      3.41%     54.26% |        2825      3.31%     57.57% |        2774      3.25%     60.81% |        2654      3.11%     63.92% |        2526      2.96%     66.88% |        2417      2.83%     69.71% |        2460      2.88%     72.59% |        2307      2.70%     75.29% |        2337      2.74%     78.02% |        2345      2.75%     80.77% |        2375      2.78%     83.55% |        2335      2.73%     86.28% |        2284      2.67%     88.96% |        2265      2.65%     91.61% |        2368      2.77%     94.38% |        2362      2.77%     97.15% |        2437      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        85419                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       36728      3.13%      3.13% |       36574      3.11%      6.24% |       36559      3.11%      9.35% |       36699      3.12%     12.48% |       36714      3.13%     15.61% |       36694      3.12%     18.73% |       36688      3.12%     21.85% |       36704      3.13%     24.98% |       36698      3.12%     28.11% |       36604      3.12%     31.22% |       36624      3.12%     34.34% |       36727      3.13%     37.47% |       36824      3.14%     40.60% |       36772      3.13%     43.73% |       36698      3.12%     46.86% |       36699      3.12%     49.98% |       36695      3.12%     53.11% |       36600      3.12%     56.23% |       36539      3.11%     59.34% |       36651      3.12%     62.46% |       36830      3.14%     65.59% |       36791      3.13%     68.73% |       36731      3.13%     71.85% |       36753      3.13%     74.98% |       36707      3.13%     78.11% |       36664      3.12%     81.23% |       36622      3.12%     84.35% |       36748      3.13%     87.48% |       36799      3.13%     90.61% |       36762      3.13%     93.74% |       36762      3.13%     96.87% |       36714      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1174374                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          91      3.06%      3.06% |         100      3.36%      6.42% |          98      3.30%      9.72% |          90      3.03%     12.75% |          88      2.96%     15.71% |          93      3.13%     18.84% |          96      3.23%     22.07% |          74      2.49%     24.55% |          89      2.99%     27.55% |         102      3.43%     30.98% |         163      5.48%     36.46% |         124      4.17%     40.63% |         110      3.70%     44.33% |          81      2.72%     47.06% |          89      2.99%     50.05% |          62      2.09%     52.14% |          76      2.56%     54.69% |          72      2.42%     57.11% |         100      3.36%     60.48% |          90      3.03%     63.50% |          92      3.09%     66.60% |          41      1.38%     67.98% |          89      2.99%     70.97% |          57      1.92%     72.89% |          76      2.56%     75.45% |          97      3.26%     78.71% |          88      2.96%     81.67% |         101      3.40%     85.07% |          98      3.30%     88.36% |         113      3.80%     92.16% |         126      4.24%     96.40% |         107      3.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2973                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      214726      5.28%      5.28% |      124294      3.06%      8.34% |      122700      3.02%     11.36% |      124528      3.06%     14.42% |      122211      3.01%     17.43% |      121417      2.99%     20.41% |      121474      2.99%     23.40% |      120901      2.97%     26.38% |      121453      2.99%     29.36% |      122099      3.00%     32.37% |      124032      3.05%     35.42% |      122874      3.02%     38.44% |      121783      3.00%     41.44% |      122299      3.01%     44.45% |      121093      2.98%     47.43% |      121359      2.99%     50.41% |      122650      3.02%     53.43% |      122751      3.02%     56.45% |      123302      3.03%     59.48% |      123665      3.04%     62.52% |      124175      3.05%     65.58% |      138808      3.41%     68.99% |      132445      3.26%     72.25% |      123293      3.03%     75.28% |      123806      3.05%     78.33% |      124060      3.05%     81.38% |      123592      3.04%     84.42% |      123346      3.03%     87.46% |      124662      3.07%     90.52% |      123695      3.04%     93.57% |      127242      3.13%     96.70% |      134344      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4065079                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           4     14.81%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           3     11.11%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |          12     44.44%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           3     11.11%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           4     14.81%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.45%      1.45% |           2      2.90%      4.35% |           3      4.35%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           2      2.90%     11.59% |           0      0.00%     11.59% |           3      4.35%     15.94% |           1      1.45%     17.39% |           3      4.35%     21.74% |           2      2.90%     24.64% |           2      2.90%     27.54% |           2      2.90%     30.43% |           4      5.80%     36.23% |           4      5.80%     42.03% |           3      4.35%     46.38% |           0      0.00%     46.38% |           1      1.45%     47.83% |           3      4.35%     52.17% |           2      2.90%     55.07% |           5      7.25%     62.32% |           2      2.90%     65.22% |           5      7.25%     72.46% |           1      1.45%     73.91% |           3      4.35%     78.26% |           1      1.45%     79.71% |           4      5.80%     85.51% |           0      0.00%     85.51% |           5      7.25%     92.75% |           4      5.80%     98.55% |           1      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total           69                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         580      3.20%      3.20% |         570      3.15%      6.35% |         559      3.09%      9.44% |         515      2.84%     12.29% |         501      2.77%     15.05% |         452      2.50%     17.55% |         467      2.58%     20.13% |         403      2.23%     22.36% |         438      2.42%     24.77% |         421      2.33%     27.10% |         540      2.98%     30.08% |         472      2.61%     32.69% |         515      2.84%     35.54% |         441      2.44%     37.97% |         515      2.84%     40.82% |         466      2.57%     43.39% |         529      2.92%     46.31% |         505      2.79%     49.10% |         578      3.19%     52.30% |         602      3.33%     55.62% |         641      3.54%     59.16% |         589      3.25%     62.42% |         709      3.92%     66.33% |         623      3.44%     69.77% |         691      3.82%     73.59% |         665      3.67%     77.26% |         690      3.81%     81.07% |         673      3.72%     84.79% |         722      3.99%     88.78% |         667      3.68%     92.47% |         722      3.99%     96.45% |         642      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        18103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           7      1.56%      1.56% |           2      0.45%      2.00% |          24      5.35%      7.35% |          10      2.23%      9.58% |          19      4.23%     13.81% |           9      2.00%     15.81% |          17      3.79%     19.60% |           9      2.00%     21.60% |          15      3.34%     24.94% |          16      3.56%     28.51% |           9      2.00%     30.51% |          17      3.79%     34.30% |           7      1.56%     35.86% |          11      2.45%     38.31% |          13      2.90%     41.20% |           9      2.00%     43.21% |          11      2.45%     45.66% |          14      3.12%     48.78% |          12      2.67%     51.45% |          14      3.12%     54.57% |          18      4.01%     58.57% |          11      2.45%     61.02% |          13      2.90%     63.92% |           8      1.78%     65.70% |          21      4.68%     70.38% |          21      4.68%     75.06% |          16      3.56%     78.62% |          18      4.01%     82.63% |           9      2.00%     84.63% |          28      6.24%     90.87% |          23      5.12%     95.99% |          18      4.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          449                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           7      1.56%      1.56% |           2      0.45%      2.00% |          24      5.35%      7.35% |          10      2.23%      9.58% |          19      4.23%     13.81% |           9      2.00%     15.81% |          17      3.79%     19.60% |           9      2.00%     21.60% |          15      3.34%     24.94% |          16      3.56%     28.51% |           9      2.00%     30.51% |          17      3.79%     34.30% |           7      1.56%     35.86% |          11      2.45%     38.31% |          13      2.90%     41.20% |           9      2.00%     43.21% |          11      2.45%     45.66% |          14      3.12%     48.78% |          12      2.67%     51.45% |          14      3.12%     54.57% |          18      4.01%     58.57% |          11      2.45%     61.02% |          13      2.90%     63.92% |           8      1.78%     65.70% |          21      4.68%     70.38% |          21      4.68%     75.06% |          16      3.56%     78.62% |          18      4.01%     82.63% |           9      2.00%     84.63% |          28      6.24%     90.87% |          23      5.12%     95.99% |          18      4.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          449                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           1      8.33%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           2     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         580      3.20%      3.20% |         570      3.15%      6.35% |         559      3.09%      9.44% |         515      2.84%     12.28% |         501      2.77%     15.05% |         452      2.50%     17.54% |         467      2.58%     20.12% |         403      2.23%     22.35% |         438      2.42%     24.77% |         421      2.32%     27.09% |         540      2.98%     30.08% |         472      2.61%     32.68% |         515      2.84%     35.53% |         441      2.44%     37.96% |         515      2.84%     40.81% |         466      2.57%     43.38% |         529      2.92%     46.30% |         505      2.79%     49.09% |         578      3.19%     52.28% |         602      3.32%     55.61% |         641      3.54%     59.15% |         591      3.26%     62.41% |         709      3.92%     66.32% |         623      3.44%     69.76% |         691      3.82%     73.58% |         665      3.67%     77.25% |         691      3.82%     81.07% |         673      3.72%     84.79% |         722      3.99%     88.77% |         667      3.68%     92.46% |         722      3.99%     96.44% |         644      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        18108                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |     2116024     24.94%     24.94% |     4241679     50.00%     74.94% |      265642      3.13%     78.07% |      265474      3.13%     81.20% |      265620      3.13%     84.33% |      265798      3.13%     87.47% |      265858      3.13%     90.60% |      265821      3.13%     93.74% |      265671      3.13%     96.87% |      265771      3.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      8483358                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |     2116024     24.94%     24.94% |     4241679     50.00%     74.94% |      265642      3.13%     78.07% |      265474      3.13%     81.20% |      265620      3.13%     84.33% |      265798      3.13%     87.47% |      265858      3.13%     90.60% |      265821      3.13%     93.74% |      265671      3.13%     96.87% |      265771      3.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      8483358                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |     2116024     24.94%     24.94% |     4241679     50.00%     74.94% |      265642      3.13%     78.07% |      265474      3.13%     81.20% |      265620      3.13%     84.33% |      265798      3.13%     87.47% |      265858      3.13%     90.60% |      265821      3.13%     93.74% |      265671      3.13%     96.87% |      265771      3.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      8483358                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |     2116024     24.94%     24.94% |     4241679     50.00%     74.94% |      265642      3.13%     78.07% |      265474      3.13%     81.20% |      265620      3.13%     84.33% |      265798      3.13%     87.47% |      265858      3.13%     90.60% |      265821      3.13%     93.74% |      265671      3.13%     96.87% |      265771      3.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      8483358                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
