
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.143157                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                143157232500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5319325311000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31685                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    53619                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54648265                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6132824                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2619.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    83003653                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     140461557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     38260736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          38260736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     18605632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       18605632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       597824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             597824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       290713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            290713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    267263730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            267263730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    129966413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           129966413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    397230143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           397230143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     597824                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    290713                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   597824                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  290713                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              38256512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               18605504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               38260736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            18605632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    66                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            37313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            37616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            37350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            37562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            37231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            37408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            37889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            37638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            37035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            37293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           37177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           37569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           36968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           36983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           37398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           37328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            18179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            18201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            18203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            18264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            18234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            18250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            18359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            18375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            18019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            18145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           17982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           18074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           18027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           18036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           18224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           18139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1457                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 143156828500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               597824                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              290713                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 287224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  96944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  63822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  47364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  34416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  24753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  16737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  10916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   5821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   3959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  2445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  50134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  55146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  56889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  57421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  57329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   6787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   3667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   3340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       283367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   200.662237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.579099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.720566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        89598     31.62%     31.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        88515     31.24%     62.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71947     25.39%     88.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16959      5.98%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12356      4.36%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2026      0.71%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1080      0.38%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          548      0.19%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          338      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       283367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.859963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.973611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49930     99.07%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          428      0.85%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           38      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        50401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.767961                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.578341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.847130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          44747     88.78%     88.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4250      8.43%     97.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          983      1.95%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          421      0.84%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        50401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 20235000463                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            31442962963                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                2988790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    33851.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               52601.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      267.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      129.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   267.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   129.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  433352                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 171738                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    161115.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   68.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   22681485000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4780100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   115688895000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1081987200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1060184160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              590370000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              578473500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2339984400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2322325200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            946462320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            937280160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        63307560150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        62841899790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        30357332250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        30765806250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         107973571920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         107855844660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          754.266296                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          753.443894                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     37695360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          37695360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     18050496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       18050496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       588990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             588990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       282039                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            282039                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    263314395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            263314395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    126088607                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           126088607                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    389403001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           389403001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     588991                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    282039                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   588991                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  282039                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              37691136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   4288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               18050432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               37695424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            18050496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    67                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            36790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            37049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            36785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            36982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            36778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            36807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            37535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            37071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            36517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            36675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           36526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           36970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           36482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           36386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           36732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           36839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            17654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            17665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            17697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            17732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            17713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            17724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            17794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            17811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            17489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            17595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           17426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           17533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           17498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           17489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           17620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           17598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1247                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 143156566000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               588991                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              282039                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 278040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                 101619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  63119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  46776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  32896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  23684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  16247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  10758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   3953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  48587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  53690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  55552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  56082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  55516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   6213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   3346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   3053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       269836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.571695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.338170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.537119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        82471     30.56%     30.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81594     30.24%     60.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72299     26.79%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16972      6.29%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12484      4.63%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2089      0.77%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1017      0.38%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          570      0.21%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          340      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       269836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.060680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.093025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48406     99.13%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          399      0.82%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           15      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.775916                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.585182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.847712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          43191     88.45%     88.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4275      8.75%     97.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          986      2.02%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          378      0.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 19910584871                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            30952909871                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                2944620000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    33808.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               52558.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      263.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      126.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   263.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   126.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  430467                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 170649                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               60.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    164353.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   69.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   23213957500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4780100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   115156516500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1033338600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1006530840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              563825625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              549198375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2307115200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2286219000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            918786240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            908755200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        62068730985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        61850635875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        31444041750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        31635353250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         107685714000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         107586568140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          752.255268                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          751.562669                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     37702656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          37702656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     18048384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       18048384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       589104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             589104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       282006                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            282006                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    263365359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            263365359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    126073854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           126073854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    389439213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           389439213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     589104                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    282006                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   589104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  282006                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              37701184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               18048256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               37702656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            18048384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            37145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            36839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            37067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            36733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            36841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            37364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            37083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            36505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            36748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           36580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           37025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           36478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           36380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           36712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           36845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            17642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            17670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            17698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            17728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            17710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            17714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            17732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            17823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            17485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            17614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           17413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           17539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           17511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           17492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           17625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           17608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1466                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 143157181500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               589104                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              282006                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 279909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  99539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  62948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  46604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  33318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  24078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  16486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  10659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  48598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  53367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  55327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  55925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  55247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   6415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   3670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   3457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       269765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.656668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.297960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.858243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        82760     30.68%     30.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81326     30.15%     60.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72174     26.75%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17036      6.32%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12387      4.59%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2071      0.77%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1080      0.40%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          595      0.22%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          336      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       269765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.068035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.173358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48343     99.04%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          427      0.87%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           34      0.07%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.777231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.587761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.839475                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          43158     88.41%     88.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4303      8.82%     97.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          972      1.99%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          380      0.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 20010208913                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            31055477663                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                2945405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    33968.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               52718.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      263.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      126.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   263.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   126.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        3.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  430039                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 171273                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               60.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    164338.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   69.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   23273904250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4780100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   115096475750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1032015600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1007279280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              563103750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              549606750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2307216600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2287404600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            918287280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            909033840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        62381015460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        61848024705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        31170090750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        31637626500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         107721605040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         107588851275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          752.506142                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          751.578769                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     37653696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          37653696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     18043840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       18043840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       588339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             588339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       281935                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            281935                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    263023358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            263023358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    126042112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           126042112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    389065470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           389065470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     588339                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    281935                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   588339                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  281935                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              37652544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               18043840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               37653696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            18043840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            36738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            37085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            36712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            37029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            36569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            36804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            37410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            37050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            36422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            36675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           36638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           36937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           36350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           36349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           36762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           36791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            17636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            17662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            17681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            17722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            17696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            17709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            17748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            17817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            17472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            17623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           17419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           17543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           17495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           17493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           17628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           17591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      987                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 143156215000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               588339                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              281935                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 283351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  97877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  63258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  46733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  33004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  23324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  15790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  10098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   3773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  1454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  48680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  53888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  55733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  56323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  55542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   3306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   2494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       270041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.248740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.049703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.405958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        82988     30.73%     30.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81494     30.18%     60.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72247     26.75%     87.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16959      6.28%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12397      4.59%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2014      0.75%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1005      0.37%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          593      0.22%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          344      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       270041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.026677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.361430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48476     99.10%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          410      0.84%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           24      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.763420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.576333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.832528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          43430     88.78%     88.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4180      8.54%     97.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          904      1.85%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          404      0.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 19757178704                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            30788197454                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                2941605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    33582.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               52332.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      263.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      126.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   263.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   126.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        3.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  429348                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 170858                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               60.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    164495.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   68.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   22759112250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4780100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   115612463250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1032401160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1009040760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              563314125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              550567875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2304049800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2284705800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            917995680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            908878320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         9349875600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        62045977725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        61619416515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        31463983500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        31838160000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         107677597590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         107560644870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          752.198721                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          751.381729                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1489                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1489                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               258                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              258                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4566                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5598                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              560560                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              137560                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1997500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               26755359                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 72.287712                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                34.947434                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               144.482747                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    24421285     91.28%     91.28% |      379710      1.42%     92.70% |      236810      0.89%     93.58% |      370122      1.38%     94.96% |      743230      2.78%     97.74% |      530416      1.98%     99.72% |       71854      0.27%     99.99% |        1932      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 26755359                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     53886646                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.069652                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.677145                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      6.058562                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    49214208     91.33%     91.33% |     1250038      2.32%     93.65% |       37010      0.07%     93.72% |       79975      0.15%     93.87% |      328630      0.61%     94.48% |      616151      1.14%     95.62% |      874655      1.62%     97.24% |     1072621      1.99%     99.23% |      413358      0.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      53886646                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            53886643                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              32.180811                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.329843                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            129.844178                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    52761843     97.91%     97.91% |      965046      1.79%     99.70% |      152137      0.28%     99.99% |        7258      0.01%    100.00% |         350      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              53886643                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        49404489                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000211                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000177                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.016399                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    49395294     99.98%     99.98% |        8134      0.02%    100.00% |         890      0.00%    100.00% |         163      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          49404489                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4482154                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        353.823623                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       246.963551                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       299.755651                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     3357354     74.90%     74.90% |      965046     21.53%     96.44% |      152137      3.39%     99.83% |        7258      0.16%     99.99% |         350      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4482154                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         667768                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       667768                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     35234827                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       896032                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     36130859                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14163375                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14290540                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      3420475                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37992                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store      1334412                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2035700                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        63977                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses      3458926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      3465213                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles      1414881                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       145067                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        82597                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227664                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        63464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        73581                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137045                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        64126                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        73762                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137888                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        62983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        73619                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        61585                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        73704                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        62872                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        73630                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        61046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        73612                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134658                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        61226                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        73500                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134726                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        62566                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        73589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        62489                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        73580                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136069                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        62248                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        73626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        62214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        73496                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135710                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        61819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        73681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135500                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        62020                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        73601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        77291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        73740                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       151031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        70696                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        73628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144324                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        61503                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        73476                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       134979                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        62115                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        73561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135676                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        62399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        73660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136059                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        61576                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        73592                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        62957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        73469                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136426                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        63457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        73555                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       137012                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        63740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        73629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137369                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        64096                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        73531                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137627                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        67171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        73626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        73802                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        73686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147488                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        62112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        73542                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135654                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        62246                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        73524                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135770                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        61590                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        73578                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        60669                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        73565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        61273                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        73650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       134923                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        63500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        73649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     32754811                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     32754811                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     35294841                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     32754811                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     14253838                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     13595751                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     32754811                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.114402                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     11931930                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     11931930                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12131607                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11931930                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6610253                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6606450                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     11931930                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.041674                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     41597939                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     41597939                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     45654372                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     41597939                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity     21042555                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity     20482075                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     41597939                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.145288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14926760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14926760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15125893                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14926760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8366220                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8352156                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14926760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.052134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8397227                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8397227                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8447978                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8397227                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4000408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3998583                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8397227                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.029329                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9021510                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9021510                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9144458                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9021510                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4341407                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4338750                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9021510                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031509                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     17986877                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     17986877                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19702133                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17986877                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7155550                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6456125                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     17986877                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.062822                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      8167567                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      8167567                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8341564                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8167567                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3221163                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3210755                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      8167567                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.028527                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      7715667                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      7715667                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7716234                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7715667                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4117029                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4117023                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      7715667                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.026948                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5443421                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5443421                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5444408                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5443421                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2659319                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2659293                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5443421                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.019012                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5241986                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5241986                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5256025                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5241986                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2249977                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2249966                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5241986                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.018308                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      8135711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      8135711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8143593                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8135711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4234296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4234275                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      8135711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.028415                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      6124481                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      6124481                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6125680                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6124481                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2850318                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2850301                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      6124481                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.021391                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      5606156                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      5606156                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5613954                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5606156                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2361575                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2361556                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      5606156                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.019580                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      3218737                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      3218737                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3264785                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3218737                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1371386                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1367661                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      3218737                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.011242                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      4876414                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      4876414                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5022617                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4876414                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2099250                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2072338                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      4876414                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.017032                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      8662714                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      8662714                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8828404                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8662714                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3323082                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3272246                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      8662714                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.030256                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      5432415                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      5432415                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5505175                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5432415                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2210533                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2204607                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      5432415                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.018974                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5188850                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5188850                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5262465                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5188850                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2233683                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2228558                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5188850                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018123                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3239996                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3239996                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3342198                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3239996                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1379126                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1375764                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3239996                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.011316                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3974576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3974576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3974633                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3974576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2130047                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2130044                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3974576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013882                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3721276                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3721276                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3721405                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3721276                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1951223                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1951212                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3721276                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012997                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3281070                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3281070                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3293803                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3281070                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1560764                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1560762                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3281070                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011460                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2133468                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2133468                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2133468                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2133468                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       957316                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       957316                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2133468                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007451                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3923736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3923736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3923754                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3923736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2080030                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2080028                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3923736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.013704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3514213                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3514213                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3514281                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3514213                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1837696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1837693                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3514213                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012274                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3183478                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3183478                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3196212                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3183478                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1505289                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1505286                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3183478                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011119                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2144001                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2144001                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2144001                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2144001                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       960553                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       960553                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2144001                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     15072731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     15072731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15476588                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15072731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7633553                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7626259                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     15072731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.052644                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     15522860                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     15522860                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15788632                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15522860                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7869792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7865560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     15522860                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.054216                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     10742284                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     10742284                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11104515                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10742284                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4452920                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4440548                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     10742284                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.037519                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     11309613                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     11309613                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11607202                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11309613                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4749673                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4742253                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     11309613                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.039501                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    20227266     27.96%     27.96% |    47745545     65.99%     93.95% |     4379190      6.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     72352001                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    20227267     27.96%     27.96% |    47745546     65.99%     93.95% |     4379190      6.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     72352003                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   734841334                       |  1332111268                       |   105246845                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  2833532159                       |   204812103                       |     4379190                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   36.329247                       |   27.900221                       |   24.033405                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |  140.084783                       |    4.289659                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    30.022659                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    42.054448                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         72.077107                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004134                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.089755      7.05%      7.05% |    0.089646      7.04%     14.09% |    0.087991      6.91%     21.00% |    0.087541      6.88%     27.88% |    0.211210     16.59%     44.46% |    0.207197     16.27%     60.74% |    0.211258     16.59%     77.33% |    0.207079     16.26%     93.59% |    0.020389      1.60%     95.20% |    0.020390      1.60%     96.80% |    0.020391      1.60%     98.40% |    0.020390      1.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.273238                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031892                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.019718                       |    0.000000                       |    0.049935                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005936                       |    0.003852                       |    0.003822                       |    0.003865                       |    0.003823                       |    0.003823                       |    0.003813                       |    0.003795                       |    0.003809                       |    0.003850                       |    0.003871                       |    0.003843                       |    0.003817                       |    0.003840                       |    0.003802                       |    0.003803                       |    0.003833                       |    0.003831                       |    0.003829                       |    0.003826                       |    0.003826                       |    0.004148                       |    0.004007                       |    0.003810                       |    0.003825                       |    0.003833                       |    0.003816                       |    0.003836                       |    0.003851                       |    0.003855                       |    0.003927                       |    0.004070                       |    0.012522                       |    0.012336                       |    0.012338                       |    0.012322                       |    0.000085                       |           0                       |    0.001645                       |    0.003978                       |    0.002333                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003661                       |    0.000086                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003911                       |    0.006224                       |           0                       |    0.003641                       |           0                       |    0.009367                       |    0.007720                       |    0.006219                       |           0                       |    0.003680                       |    0.008148                       |           0                       |    0.018686                       |    0.014895                       |    0.007234                       |    0.072483                       |    0.003655                       |    0.002333                       |    0.023814                       |    0.030422                       |    0.012581                       |           0                       |    0.003690                       |           0                       |    0.015513                       |    0.022840                       |    0.010091                       |           0                       |    0.003667                       |    0.007965                       |           0                       |    0.015717                       |    0.018643                       |    0.008225                       |           0                       |    0.003664                       |           0                       |    0.007668                       |    0.009322                       |    0.007761                       |           0                       |    0.003656                       |           0                       |    0.003825                       |    0.006223                       |           0                       |    0.003910                       |           0                       |    0.000604                       |    0.004148                       |    0.004335                       |           0                       |    0.003658                       |           0                       |    0.000542                       |    0.002582                       |    0.007999                       |    0.004232                       |           0                       |    0.003650                       |           0                       |    0.004736                       |    0.004794                       |    0.010830                       |    0.005318                       |    0.021052                       |    0.005148                       |    0.001645                       |    0.058789                       |    0.009280                       |    0.012727                       |    0.005760                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003670                       |    0.003978                       |    0.002130                       |    0.016326                       |    0.009826                       |    0.005745                       |           0                       |    0.003641                       |           0                       |    0.007517                       |    0.009488                       |    0.004441                       |    0.006423                       |           0                       |    0.003644                       |           0                       |    0.002105                       |    0.007650                       |    0.002218                       |    0.005775                       |           0                       |    0.003655                       |           0                       |    0.000557                       |    0.003833                       |    0.004228                       |           0                       |    0.003769                       |           0                       |    0.000042                       |    0.004007                       |    0.003641                       |           0                       |    0.003683                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003118                       |    0.007877                       |    0.003630                       |           0                       |    0.003750                       |    0.007965                       |           0                       |    0.000993                       |    0.006199                       |    0.014982                       |    0.003630                       |           0                       |    0.003644                       |           0                       |    0.047366                       |    0.005079                       |    0.003078                       |    0.003655                       |           0                       |    0.003631                       |           0                       |    0.001538                       |    0.015636                       |    0.004070                       |    0.003652                       |           0                       |    0.003841                       |    0.007959                       |           0                       |    0.001985                       |    0.015909                       |    0.006151                       |    0.003656                       |           0                       |    0.003657                       |           0                       |    0.001539                       |    0.007655                       |    0.003075                       |    0.003655                       |           0                       |    0.003651                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003816                       |    0.003653                       |           0                       |    0.003641                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003810                       |           0                       |    0.003630                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007612                       |           0                       |    0.003630                       |           0                       |    0.002978                       |           0                       |    0.010423                       |           0                       |    0.003655                       |           0                       |    0.022631                       |    0.001986                       |    0.001984                       |           0                       |    0.003652                       |           0                       |    0.000000                       |    0.012345                       |    0.002976                       |           0                       |    0.003656                       |           0                       |    0.004960                       |    0.009507                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003655                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007662                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003653                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003836                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.273238                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        11817971                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     11817971                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       390221                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      8340178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         7723733                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     92.608731                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         1661151                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30141                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             24058460                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86682                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            26588856                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181388                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         24145142                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        26770244                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  50647316                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  268070                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              50915386                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14297647                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9796                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14307443                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14297647                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9796                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14307443                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                282768083                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     46107294                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               91415688                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            11817971                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9384884                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             231100514                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          909348                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       185109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       314451                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       347890                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14296979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        231224                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3966                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    278658500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.568991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.812340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        248445349     89.16%     89.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2512254      0.90%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3658548      1.31%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1432687      0.51%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4051197      1.45%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2416682      0.87%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6037510      2.17%     96.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           920607      0.33%     96.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9183666      3.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    278658500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.041794                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.323289                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15046608                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     242423791                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           7068889                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      13664531                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454674                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      154063031                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454674                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         18723907                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       147472059                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13526406                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          15884883                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      82596564                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      152058573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       21555133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    154155573                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     346036142                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    236830071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     140650856                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13504715                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363849                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367425                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          80361001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     14887754                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     27002437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6739185                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      6512343                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          149155459                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1652921                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         156929385                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326857                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10027210                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14644681                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137208                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    278658500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.215907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    206302185     74.03%     74.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     35112124     12.60%     86.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13991340      5.02%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10248472      3.68%     95.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5042312      1.81%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6045377      2.17%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083795      0.39%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472898      0.17%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359997      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    278658500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113411      9.71%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913387     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141629     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417607      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     105636318     67.31%     67.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52441      0.03%     67.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52164      0.03%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     23963476     15.27%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     26807370     17.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      156929385                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.554976                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007446                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594012392                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160844459                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146338800                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      157680121                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5959550                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1473637                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2671                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9233                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       742465                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     13220669                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454674                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        10855376                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     112896458                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150808380                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108505                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      14887754                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     27002437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1643499                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         799888                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9233                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131595                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330511                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       462106                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     156216347                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      23747953                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             50349103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         10375013                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           26601150                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.552454                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              146447790                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             146338854                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78606167                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         136317302                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.517523                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.576641                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10260646                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1515713                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       404342                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    276972203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.466159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225538380     81.43%     81.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22834758      8.24%     89.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11980649      4.33%     94.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3546272      1.28%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2760085      1.00%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2525350      0.91%     97.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155475      0.42%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       623130      0.22%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6008104      2.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    276972203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     83003652                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      140461554                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               39674088                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              13414116                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            9849336                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         139255999                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      1576499                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178856      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    100506516     71.55%     71.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51158      0.04%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50927      0.04%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     13414116      9.55%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     26259972     18.70%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    140461554                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       6008104                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            421435553                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           303141320                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88100                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4109583                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            83003652                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             140461554                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.406694                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.406694                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.293540                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.293540                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        246619936                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       108140180                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          41127135                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         38810137                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        70417476                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357906                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              30543850000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            30543850000.000027                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.14748e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+10-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.50324e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.50324e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-1.93274e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.93274e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+10-2.36223e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.36223e+10-2.57698e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.57698e+10-2.79173e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.79173e+10-3.00648e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.00648e+10-3.22123e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+10-3.43597e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.43597e+10-3.65072e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.65072e+10-3.86547e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.86547e+10-4.08022e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.08022e+10-4.29497e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      13181705                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean       116.053222                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       46.962199                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      195.713952                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    10890822     82.62%     82.62% |      337400      2.56%     85.18% |      235934      1.79%     86.97% |      370117      2.81%     89.78% |      743230      5.64%     95.42% |      530416      4.02%     99.44% |       71854      0.55%     99.99% |        1932      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        13181705                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      13548764                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.799620                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.240037                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.842166                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    13053125     96.34%     96.34% |      452448      3.34%     99.68% |       37235      0.27%     99.96% |        5075      0.04%     99.99% |         812      0.01%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        13548764                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         24890                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.351708                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.022328                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.209250                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         858      3.45%      3.45% |        2867     11.52%     14.97% |       11240     45.16%     60.12% |        6033     24.24%     84.36% |        3787     15.21%     99.58% |         100      0.40%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           24890                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         12074790                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           61.942742                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           7.669800                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         151.295740                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    10916456     90.41%     90.41% |      844687      7.00%     97.40% |      198508      1.64%     99.05% |       81593      0.68%     99.72% |       23925      0.20%     99.92% |        7152      0.06%     99.98% |        1898      0.02%    100.00% |         465      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           12074790                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      9365470                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000818                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000685                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.032446                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9358736     99.93%     99.93% |        5978      0.06%     99.99% |         593      0.01%    100.00% |         156      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        9365470                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2709320                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     265.690850                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    196.622929                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    220.214534                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1550986     57.25%     57.25% |      844687     31.18%     88.42% |      198508      7.33%     95.75% |       81593      3.01%     98.76% |       23925      0.88%     99.64% |        7152      0.26%     99.91% |        1898      0.07%     99.98% |         465      0.02%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2709320                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         27241211                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           34.113365                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.017150                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         149.376952                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    26430468     97.02%     97.02% |      684537      2.51%     99.54% |      121058      0.44%     99.98% |        4895      0.02%    100.00% |         244      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           27241211                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     25616489                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000104                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000088                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.011386                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    25614130     99.99%     99.99% |        2054      0.01%    100.00% |         297      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       25616489                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1624722                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     524.666515                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    400.759560                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    343.828543                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      813979     50.10%     50.10% |      684537     42.13%     92.23% |      121058      7.45%     99.68% |        4895      0.30%     99.98% |         244      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1624722                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14290537                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.764512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.087987                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       9.990311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14287045     99.98%     99.98% |        3199      0.02%    100.00% |         266      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14290537                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14163375                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000266                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14163374    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14163375                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127162                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.916272                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.262057                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    62.453173                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123670     97.25%     97.25% |        3199      2.52%     99.77% |         266      0.21%     99.98% |          25      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127162                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278795                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     11.038336                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.871911                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.467412                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273638     98.15%     98.15% |        3919      1.41%     99.56% |        1029      0.37%     99.93% |          92      0.03%     99.96% |          57      0.02%     99.98% |          53      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278795                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257878                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019787                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257777     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257878                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20917                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   110.135201                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.822373                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.314436                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15760     75.35%     75.35% |        3919     18.74%     94.08% |        1029      4.92%     99.00% |          92      0.44%     99.44% |          57      0.27%     99.71% |          53      0.25%     99.97% |           7      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20917                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       311715                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7367294                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       159151                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   578148                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                  1000482                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 576956                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                1309694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   675835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                  1296830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses              1155104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses              2310176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                16282952                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139883262892581                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  663584                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                 1818656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                 491520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                 491520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               293759                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               727990                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             369825                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses            1090666                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits              284389                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits              272492                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses            207131                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses            219028                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               24348322                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               36662379                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    3072                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              15593291                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              27669107                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles           24447434                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles           45090169                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles             14181934                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles             13137913                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         15593291                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         27669107                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time      16778365                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time      31457664                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time        14136357                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time        13137913                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           22364454                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           32248872                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         237451029                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         42481732                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         48425772                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0            102635                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0            209080                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             82875                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             76276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             60642                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2            136260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1719342                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         5406779                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      597799     25.29%     25.29% |      588991     24.91%     50.20% |      589104     24.92%     75.12% |      588339     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2364233                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      284855     25.59%     25.59% |      276168     24.81%     50.40% |      276135     24.81%     75.20% |      276064     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1113222                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      597824     25.29%     25.29% |      588990     24.91%     50.20% |      589103     24.92%     75.12% |      588339     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2364256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      290713     25.58%     25.58% |      282039     24.81%     50.39% |      282006     24.81%     75.20% |      281935     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1136693                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      304752     25.02%     25.02% |      304631     25.01%     50.02% |      304777     25.02%     75.04% |      304083     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1218243                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      597799     25.29%     25.29% |      588991     24.91%     50.20% |      589104     24.92%     75.12% |      588339     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2364233                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      284610     25.58%     25.58% |      275991     24.81%     50.39% |      275958     24.81%     75.20% |      275887     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1112446                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      304752     25.02%     25.02% |      304631     25.01%     50.02% |      304777     25.02%     75.04% |      304083     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1218243                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      597799     25.29%     25.29% |      588990     24.91%     50.20% |      589103     24.92%     75.11% |      588339     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2364231                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      284610     25.58%     25.58% |      275991     24.81%     50.39% |      275958     24.81%     75.20% |      275887     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1112446                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     9596812     79.45%     79.45% |          34      0.00%     79.45% |     2482574     20.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     12079420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14290581    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14290581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    26541651     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |      983499      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     27525150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       24851     99.86%     99.86% |          34      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        24885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1027751     18.80%     18.80% |           0      0.00%     18.80% |     4438075     81.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5465826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      230069      8.49%      8.49% |          29      0.00%      8.50% |     2478525     91.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2708623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      793107     44.72%     44.72% |           0      0.00%     44.72% |      980401     55.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1773508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886834     20.41%     20.41% |           0      0.00%     20.41% |     3458414     79.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4345248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225948      8.35%      8.35% |          17      0.00%      8.36% |     2478525     91.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2704490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122900    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      665039     40.42%     40.42% |           0      0.00%     40.42% |      980401     59.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1645440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11163    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        4813     99.65%     99.65% |          17      0.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         4830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4265    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3554    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         3554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        24988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14163375    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14163375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5317     99.91%     99.91% |           5      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122475    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       122475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3170786     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |        3651      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3174437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38535    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        7784     99.63%     99.63% |          29      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         7813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      183629      6.90%      6.90% |           0      0.00%      6.90% |     2478227     93.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2661856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     6166045    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      6166045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    25834473     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |        2636      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     25837109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         587    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703205     41.77%     41.77% |           0      0.00%     41.77% |      980187     58.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1683392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12257      1.93%      1.93% |           0      0.00%      1.93% |      623787     98.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       636044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      230069      8.49%      8.49% |          29      0.00%      8.50% |     2478525     91.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2708623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127854    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127854                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2631      0.73%      0.73% |           0      0.00%      0.73% |      355874     99.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total       358505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665253     40.42%     40.42% |           0      0.00%     40.42% |      980401     59.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1645654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4232     91.40%     91.40% |           0      0.00%     91.40% |         398      8.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3372     87.95%     87.95% |           0      0.00%     87.95% |         462     12.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886834     20.41%     20.41% |           0      0.00%     20.41% |     3458414     79.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4345248                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3937      3.09%      3.09% |        3805      2.99%      6.08% |        3552      2.79%      8.87% |        3550      2.79%     11.66% |        3630      2.85%     14.51% |        4100      3.22%     17.73% |        3815      3.00%     20.72% |        3386      2.66%     23.38% |        3702      2.91%     26.29% |        5255      4.13%     30.42% |        4071      3.20%     33.62% |        3880      3.05%     36.66% |        3771      2.96%     39.62% |        4449      3.49%     43.12% |        3952      3.10%     46.22% |        3863      3.03%     49.26% |        4292      3.37%     52.63% |        4256      3.34%     55.97% |        3721      2.92%     58.89% |        3362      2.64%     61.53% |        3145      2.47%     64.00% |        3814      3.00%     67.00% |        3610      2.84%     69.83% |        3463      2.72%     72.55% |        3700      2.91%     75.46% |        3863      3.03%     78.49% |        3336      2.62%     81.11% |        4779      3.75%     84.87% |        4068      3.19%     88.06% |        5405      4.24%     92.31% |        5232      4.11%     96.41% |        4566      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127330                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158870      5.86%      5.86% |       82575      3.05%      8.91% |       81292      3.00%     11.91% |       82426      3.04%     14.95% |       81606      3.01%     17.97% |       81475      3.01%     20.97% |       80878      2.99%     23.96% |       80880      2.99%     26.94% |       81075      2.99%     29.94% |       81411      3.00%     32.94% |       83223      3.07%     36.01% |       82595      3.05%     39.06% |       81553      3.01%     42.07% |       81507      3.01%     45.08% |       80810      2.98%     48.06% |       80907      2.99%     51.05% |       81817      3.02%     54.07% |       81303      3.00%     57.07% |       81651      3.01%     60.08% |       81874      3.02%     63.10% |       81770      3.02%     66.12% |       90374      3.34%     69.46% |       88634      3.27%     72.73% |       81226      3.00%     75.72% |       81252      3.00%     78.72% |       81863      3.02%     81.75% |       81152      3.00%     84.74% |       80980      2.99%     87.73% |       81715      3.02%     90.74% |       81008      2.99%     93.73% |       81864      3.02%     96.76% |       87890      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2709456                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64856      3.94%      3.94% |       50665      3.08%      7.02% |       50656      3.08%     10.10% |       51655      3.14%     13.24% |       50419      3.06%     16.30% |       50197      3.05%     19.35% |       50475      3.07%     22.42% |       49968      3.04%     25.45% |       50158      3.05%     28.50% |       50483      3.07%     31.57% |       50611      3.08%     34.64% |       50127      3.05%     37.69% |       50009      3.04%     40.73% |       50547      3.07%     43.80% |       49893      3.03%     46.83% |       49957      3.04%     49.87% |       50046      3.04%     52.91% |       50510      3.07%     55.98% |       50499      3.07%     59.04% |       50473      3.07%     62.11% |       50768      3.08%     65.20% |       56962      3.46%     68.66% |       52089      3.17%     71.82% |       50298      3.06%     74.88% |       50724      3.08%     77.96% |       50334      3.06%     81.02% |       50683      3.08%     84.10% |       50669      3.08%     87.18% |       51227      3.11%     90.29% |       50999      3.10%     93.39% |       53735      3.27%     96.65% |       55065      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1645757                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      223293      5.14%      5.14% |      132966      3.06%      8.20% |      131679      3.03%     11.23% |      133783      3.08%     14.31% |      131775      3.03%     17.34% |      131008      3.01%     20.35% |      131094      3.02%     23.37% |      130579      3.00%     26.38% |      130980      3.01%     29.39% |      131627      3.03%     32.42% |      133487      3.07%     35.49% |      132433      3.05%     38.54% |      131339      3.02%     41.56% |      131775      3.03%     44.59% |      130420      3.00%     47.59% |      130609      3.01%     50.60% |      131620      3.03%     53.63% |      131568      3.03%     56.66% |      131880      3.03%     59.69% |      132091      3.04%     62.73% |      132176      3.04%     65.77% |      146792      3.38%     69.15% |      140419      3.23%     72.38% |      131280      3.02%     75.40% |      131730      3.03%     78.43% |      131922      3.04%     81.47% |      131573      3.03%     84.50% |      131387      3.02%     87.52% |      132663      3.05%     90.57% |      131741      3.03%     93.60% |      135319      3.11%     96.72% |      142635      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      4345643                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       43133      3.88%      3.88% |       34464      3.10%      6.98% |       34471      3.10%     10.08% |       34462      3.10%     13.18% |       34443      3.10%     16.27% |       34462      3.10%     19.37% |       34461      3.10%     22.47% |       34464      3.10%     25.57% |       34471      3.10%     28.67% |       34483      3.10%     31.77% |       34472      3.10%     34.87% |       34472      3.10%     37.97% |       34454      3.10%     41.07% |       34470      3.10%     44.17% |       34459      3.10%     47.27% |       34464      3.10%     50.37% |       34502      3.10%     53.47% |       34497      3.10%     56.57% |       34506      3.10%     59.68% |       34497      3.10%     62.78% |       34480      3.10%     65.88% |       34508      3.10%     68.98% |       34497      3.10%     72.09% |       34492      3.10%     75.19% |       34499      3.10%     78.29% |       34502      3.10%     81.39% |       34495      3.10%     84.49% |       34482      3.10%     87.60% |       34491      3.10%     90.70% |       34480      3.10%     93.80% |       34477      3.10%     96.90% |       34486      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1111996                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       38351      3.15%      3.15% |       38070      3.12%      6.27% |       38164      3.13%      9.40% |       38022      3.12%     12.52% |       38053      3.12%     15.64% |       38016      3.12%     18.76% |       38071      3.12%     21.89% |       38055      3.12%     25.01% |       38133      3.13%     28.14% |       38120      3.13%     31.27% |       38243      3.14%     34.41% |       38101      3.13%     37.53% |       38203      3.13%     40.67% |       38114      3.13%     43.79% |       38107      3.13%     46.92% |       37990      3.12%     50.04% |       38040      3.12%     53.16% |       38037      3.12%     56.28% |       38074      3.12%     59.40% |       37953      3.11%     62.52% |       38075      3.12%     65.64% |       38184      3.13%     68.78% |       38085      3.13%     71.90% |       37938      3.11%     75.01% |       38016      3.12%     78.13% |       38112      3.13%     81.26% |       38050      3.12%     84.38% |       37941      3.11%     87.50% |       38018      3.12%     90.62% |       38103      3.13%     93.74% |       38103      3.13%     96.87% |       38152      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1218694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       82597      3.49%      3.49% |       73581      3.11%      6.61% |       73681      3.12%      9.72% |       73531      3.11%     12.83% |       73542      3.11%     15.94% |       73524      3.11%     19.05% |       73578      3.11%     22.17% |       73565      3.11%     25.28% |       73650      3.12%     28.39% |       73649      3.12%     31.51% |       73762      3.12%     34.63% |       73619      3.11%     37.74% |       73704      3.12%     40.86% |       73630      3.11%     43.97% |       73612      3.11%     47.09% |       73500      3.11%     50.19% |       73589      3.11%     53.31% |       73580      3.11%     56.42% |       73626      3.11%     59.53% |       73496      3.11%     62.64% |       73601      3.11%     65.76% |       73738      3.12%     68.87% |       73627      3.11%     71.99% |       73476      3.11%     75.10% |       73561      3.11%     78.21% |       73659      3.12%     81.32% |       73591      3.11%     84.44% |       73468      3.11%     87.54% |       73555      3.11%     90.65% |       73629      3.11%     93.77% |       73626      3.11%     96.88% |       73684      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2364231                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       81573      3.50%      3.50% |       72557      3.11%      6.61% |       72657      3.12%      9.73% |       72507      3.11%     12.84% |       72518      3.11%     15.95% |       72500      3.11%     19.06% |       72554      3.11%     22.17% |       72541      3.11%     25.28% |       72626      3.12%     28.40% |       72625      3.11%     31.51% |       72738      3.12%     34.63% |       72595      3.11%     37.74% |       72680      3.12%     40.86% |       72606      3.11%     43.98% |       72588      3.11%     47.09% |       72476      3.11%     50.20% |       72565      3.11%     53.31% |       72556      3.11%     56.42% |       72602      3.11%     59.54% |       72472      3.11%     62.64% |       72577      3.11%     65.76% |       72714      3.12%     68.88% |       72604      3.11%     71.99% |       72452      3.11%     75.10% |       72537      3.11%     78.21% |       72636      3.12%     81.32% |       72567      3.11%     84.44% |       72444      3.11%     87.54% |       72531      3.11%     90.66% |       72605      3.11%     93.77% |       72602      3.11%     96.88% |       72660      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2331465                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          76     12.84%     12.84% |          10      1.69%     14.53% |          34      5.74%     20.27% |          25      4.22%     24.49% |           4      0.68%     25.17% |           3      0.51%     25.68% |           0      0.00%     25.68% |           5      0.84%     26.52% |          17      2.87%     29.39% |           1      0.17%     29.56% |          18      3.04%     32.60% |           5      0.84%     33.45% |           8      1.35%     34.80% |           4      0.68%     35.47% |           6      1.01%     36.49% |           5      0.84%     37.33% |           2      0.34%     37.67% |           7      1.18%     38.85% |           6      1.01%     39.86% |          19      3.21%     43.07% |          67     11.32%     54.39% |          76     12.84%     67.23% |          11      1.86%     69.09% |           9      1.52%     70.61% |          13      2.20%     72.80% |          13      2.20%     75.00% |          19      3.21%     78.21% |          20      3.38%     81.59% |          26      4.39%     85.98% |          33      5.57%     91.55% |          46      7.77%     99.32% |           4      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          592                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         832      3.42%      3.42% |         697      2.87%      6.29% |         705      2.90%      9.20% |         688      2.83%     12.03% |         705      2.90%     14.93% |         701      2.89%     17.82% |         694      2.86%     20.67% |         746      3.07%     23.74% |         758      3.12%     26.86% |         745      3.07%     29.93% |         788      3.24%     33.17% |         788      3.24%     36.42% |         835      3.44%     39.86% |         812      3.34%     43.20% |         756      3.11%     46.31% |         771      3.17%     49.48% |         767      3.16%     52.64% |         778      3.20%     55.84% |         759      3.12%     58.97% |         711      2.93%     61.89% |         703      2.89%     64.79% |         863      3.55%     68.34% |         776      3.19%     71.54% |         743      3.06%     74.59% |         772      3.18%     77.77% |         835      3.44%     81.21% |         756      3.11%     84.32% |         710      2.92%     87.24% |         723      2.98%     90.22% |         775      3.19%     93.41% |         771      3.17%     96.58% |         830      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        24293                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      223683      5.14%      5.14% |      133228      3.06%      8.20% |      131944      3.03%     11.23% |      134046      3.08%     14.31% |      132013      3.03%     17.34% |      131282      3.02%     20.35% |      131331      3.02%     23.37% |      130843      3.00%     26.37% |      131228      3.01%     29.39% |      131894      3.03%     32.42% |      133802      3.07%     35.49% |      132714      3.05%     38.54% |      131558      3.02%     41.56% |      132051      3.03%     44.59% |      130681      3.00%     47.59% |      130858      3.01%     50.60% |      131855      3.03%     53.63% |      131806      3.03%     56.65% |      132105      3.03%     59.69% |      132332      3.04%     62.73% |      132474      3.04%     65.77% |      147210      3.38%     69.15% |      140712      3.23%     72.38% |      131514      3.02%     75.40% |      131970      3.03%     78.43% |      132194      3.04%     81.47% |      131829      3.03%     84.49% |      131644      3.02%     87.52% |      132942      3.05%     90.57% |      132007      3.03%     93.60% |      135595      3.11%     96.72% |      142950      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4354295                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         524      3.18%      3.18% |         460      2.79%      5.97% |         481      2.92%      8.89% |         461      2.80%     11.68% |         483      2.93%     14.61% |         441      2.68%     17.29% |         473      2.87%     20.16% |         502      3.05%     23.20% |         537      3.26%     26.46% |         485      2.94%     29.40% |         505      3.06%     32.47% |         510      3.09%     35.56% |         614      3.72%     39.29% |         549      3.33%     42.62% |         513      3.11%     45.73% |         539      3.27%     49.00% |         548      3.32%     52.32% |         560      3.40%     55.72% |         542      3.29%     59.01% |         493      2.99%     62.00% |         482      2.92%     64.92% |         536      3.25%     68.18% |         506      3.07%     71.24% |         489      2.97%     74.21% |         530      3.22%     77.43% |         588      3.57%     80.99% |         527      3.20%     84.19% |         482      2.92%     87.11% |         484      2.94%     90.05% |         559      3.39%     93.44% |         550      3.34%     96.78% |         531      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16484                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       47356      3.82%      3.82% |       38487      3.11%      6.93% |       38553      3.11%     10.04% |       38422      3.10%     13.14% |       38431      3.10%     16.24% |       38447      3.10%     19.34% |       38471      3.10%     22.45% |       38434      3.10%     25.55% |       38471      3.10%     28.66% |       38525      3.11%     31.76% |       38635      3.12%     34.88% |       38466      3.10%     37.99% |       38453      3.10%     41.09% |       38448      3.10%     44.19% |       38468      3.10%     47.30% |       38334      3.09%     50.39% |       38397      3.10%     53.49% |       38371      3.10%     56.59% |       38438      3.10%     59.69% |       38368      3.10%     62.79% |       38419      3.10%     65.89% |       38513      3.11%     68.99% |       38489      3.11%     72.10% |       38349      3.09%     75.20% |       38385      3.10%     78.29% |       38436      3.10%     81.39% |       38414      3.10%     84.50% |       38342      3.09%     87.59% |       38431      3.10%     90.69% |       38421      3.10%     93.79% |       38408      3.10%     96.89% |       38519      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1239101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       34717      3.13%      3.13% |       34634      3.12%      6.26% |       34647      3.13%      9.38% |       34648      3.13%     12.51% |       34628      3.12%     15.63% |       34636      3.12%     18.75% |       34634      3.12%     21.88% |       34629      3.12%     25.00% |       34642      3.12%     28.13% |       34639      3.12%     31.25% |       34622      3.12%     34.37% |       34643      3.12%     37.50% |       34637      3.12%     40.62% |       34633      3.12%     43.75% |       34631      3.12%     46.87% |       34627      3.12%     49.99% |       34644      3.12%     53.12% |       34649      3.13%     56.24% |       34646      3.13%     59.37% |       34635      3.12%     62.49% |       34700      3.13%     65.62% |       34689      3.13%     68.75% |       34633      3.12%     71.88% |       34638      3.12%     75.00% |       34646      3.13%     78.12% |       34636      3.12%     81.25% |       34650      3.13%     84.37% |       34645      3.12%     87.50% |       34640      3.12%     90.62% |       34649      3.13%     93.75% |       34668      3.13%     96.88% |       34634      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1108649                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          44      6.36%      6.36% |          12      1.73%      8.09% |           4      0.58%      8.67% |          31      4.48%     13.15% |          11      1.59%     14.74% |         388     56.07%     70.81% |          22      3.18%     73.99% |           5      0.72%     74.71% |           5      0.72%     75.43% |           0      0.00%     75.43% |          15      2.17%     77.60% |           8      1.16%     78.76% |           2      0.29%     79.05% |           2      0.29%     79.34% |          25      3.61%     82.95% |           5      0.72%     83.67% |           8      1.16%     84.83% |           7      1.01%     85.84% |          48      6.94%     92.77% |          16      2.31%     95.09% |           2      0.29%     95.38% |           5      0.72%     96.10% |           2      0.29%     96.39% |           2      0.29%     96.68% |           6      0.87%     97.54% |           2      0.29%     97.83% |           2      0.29%     98.12% |           3      0.43%     98.55% |           2      0.29%     98.84% |           0      0.00%     98.84% |           5      0.72%     99.57% |           3      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          692                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         525      3.19%      3.19% |         461      2.80%      5.99% |         480      2.92%      8.91% |         461      2.80%     11.71% |         484      2.94%     14.65% |         444      2.70%     17.35% |         472      2.87%     20.21% |         501      3.04%     23.26% |         535      3.25%     26.51% |         482      2.93%     29.43% |         506      3.07%     32.51% |         512      3.11%     35.62% |         610      3.71%     39.33% |         547      3.32%     42.65% |         512      3.11%     45.76% |         536      3.26%     49.02% |         546      3.32%     52.33% |         557      3.38%     55.72% |         543      3.30%     59.02% |         492      2.99%     62.00% |         480      2.92%     64.92% |         536      3.26%     68.18% |         506      3.07%     71.25% |         490      2.98%     74.23% |         530      3.22%     77.45% |         587      3.57%     81.01% |         527      3.20%     84.22% |         481      2.92%     87.14% |         483      2.93%     90.07% |         556      3.38%     93.45% |         549      3.34%     96.79% |         529      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16460                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      111470      7.59%      7.59% |       44076      3.00%     10.58% |       42735      2.91%     13.49% |       43969      2.99%     16.48% |       43163      2.94%     19.42% |       42638      2.90%     22.32% |       42385      2.88%     25.21% |       42441      2.89%     28.10% |       42599      2.90%     30.99% |       42886      2.92%     33.91% |       44556      3.03%     36.95% |       44121      3.00%     39.95% |       43096      2.93%     42.88% |       43056      2.93%     45.81% |       42316      2.88%     48.69% |       42567      2.90%     51.59% |       43412      2.95%     54.54% |       42925      2.92%     57.46% |       43164      2.94%     60.40% |       43489      2.96%     63.36% |       43349      2.95%     66.31% |       51775      3.52%     69.83% |       50134      3.41%     73.24% |       42867      2.92%     76.16% |       42860      2.92%     79.08% |       43424      2.95%     82.03% |       42730      2.91%     84.94% |       42633      2.90%     87.84% |       43282      2.95%     90.79% |       42587      2.90%     93.68% |       43451      2.96%     96.64% |       49366      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1469522                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       30138      5.61%      5.61% |       16029      2.98%      8.60% |       16008      2.98%     11.58% |       17006      3.17%     14.75% |       15791      2.94%     17.69% |       15560      2.90%     20.58% |       15841      2.95%     23.53% |       15339      2.86%     26.39% |       15516      2.89%     29.28% |       15842      2.95%     32.23% |       15989      2.98%     35.21% |       15484      2.88%     38.09% |       15367      2.86%     40.95% |       15914      2.96%     43.92% |       15262      2.84%     46.76% |       15330      2.85%     49.61% |       15402      2.87%     52.48% |       15861      2.95%     55.44% |       15849      2.95%     58.39% |       15837      2.95%     61.34% |       16005      2.98%     64.32% |       22233      4.14%     68.46% |       17456      3.25%     71.71% |       15660      2.92%     74.62% |       16076      2.99%     77.62% |       15698      2.92%     80.54% |       16033      2.99%     83.53% |       16024      2.98%     86.51% |       16587      3.09%     89.60% |       16350      3.04%     92.64% |       19067      3.55%     96.20% |       20431      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       536985                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       43128      3.88%      3.88% |       34459      3.10%      6.98% |       34466      3.10%     10.08% |       34458      3.10%     13.18% |       34442      3.10%     16.28% |       34459      3.10%     19.37% |       34458      3.10%     22.47% |       34461      3.10%     25.57% |       34469      3.10%     28.67% |       34481      3.10%     31.77% |       34467      3.10%     34.87% |       34468      3.10%     37.97% |       34452      3.10%     41.07% |       34468      3.10%     44.17% |       34456      3.10%     47.27% |       34462      3.10%     50.37% |       34501      3.10%     53.47% |       34495      3.10%     56.58% |       34503      3.10%     59.68% |       34484      3.10%     62.78% |       34475      3.10%     65.88% |       34501      3.10%     68.99% |       34491      3.10%     72.09% |       34487      3.10%     75.19% |       34491      3.10%     78.29% |       34497      3.10%     81.39% |       34492      3.10%     84.50% |       34479      3.10%     87.60% |       34479      3.10%     90.70% |       34467      3.10%     93.80% |       34470      3.10%     96.90% |       34475      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1111841                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       37504      3.14%      3.14% |       37368      3.13%      6.27% |       37430      3.13%      9.41% |       37313      3.12%     12.53% |       37345      3.13%     15.66% |       37315      3.13%     18.78% |       37380      3.13%     21.91% |       37308      3.12%     25.04% |       37360      3.13%     28.17% |       37377      3.13%     31.30% |       37442      3.14%     34.43% |       37312      3.12%     37.56% |       37362      3.13%     40.69% |       37300      3.12%     43.81% |       37348      3.13%     46.94% |       37216      3.12%     50.06% |       37272      3.12%     53.18% |       37254      3.12%     56.30% |       37312      3.12%     59.42% |       37236      3.12%     62.54% |       37310      3.12%     65.67% |       37254      3.12%     68.79% |       37304      3.12%     71.91% |       37192      3.11%     75.02% |       37239      3.12%     78.14% |       37269      3.12%     81.26% |       37279      3.12%     84.39% |       37214      3.12%     87.50% |       37281      3.12%     90.63% |       37308      3.12%     93.75% |       37293      3.12%     96.87% |       37331      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1194028                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      223280      5.14%      5.14% |      132960      3.06%      8.20% |      131667      3.03%     11.23% |      133774      3.08%     14.31% |      131770      3.03%     17.34% |      131002      3.01%     20.35% |      131092      3.02%     23.37% |      130571      3.00%     26.38% |      130970      3.01%     29.39% |      131608      3.03%     32.42% |      133482      3.07%     35.49% |      132413      3.05%     38.54% |      131309      3.02%     41.56% |      131763      3.03%     44.59% |      130414      3.00%     47.59% |      130598      3.01%     50.60% |      131612      3.03%     53.63% |      131557      3.03%     56.66% |      131865      3.03%     59.69% |      132075      3.04%     62.73% |      132162      3.04%     65.77% |      146787      3.38%     69.15% |      140411      3.23%     72.38% |      131231      3.02%     75.40% |      131699      3.03%     78.43% |      131914      3.04%     81.47% |      131561      3.03%     84.50% |      131375      3.02%     87.52% |      132657      3.05%     90.57% |      131734      3.03%     93.60% |      135308      3.11%     96.72% |      142627      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      4345248                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           4      2.96%      2.96% |           4      2.96%      5.93% |           4      2.96%      8.89% |           3      2.22%     11.11% |           1      0.74%     11.85% |           0      0.00%     11.85% |           1      0.74%     12.59% |           3      2.22%     14.81% |           2      1.48%     16.30% |           1      0.74%     17.04% |           5      3.70%     20.74% |           4      2.96%     23.70% |           1      0.74%     24.44% |           2      1.48%     25.93% |           2      1.48%     27.41% |           2      1.48%     28.89% |           1      0.74%     29.63% |           2      1.48%     31.11% |           2      1.48%     32.59% |          13      9.63%     42.22% |           5      3.70%     45.93% |           5      3.70%     49.63% |           6      4.44%     54.07% |           5      3.70%     57.78% |           6      4.44%     62.22% |           5      3.70%     65.93% |           2      1.48%     67.41% |           3      2.22%     69.63% |          12      8.89%     78.52% |          13      9.63%     88.15% |           7      5.19%     93.33% |           9      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         322      3.92%      3.92% |         241      2.94%      6.86% |         254      3.10%      9.96% |         248      3.02%     12.98% |         224      2.73%     15.71% |         257      3.13%     18.84% |         219      2.67%     21.51% |         246      3.00%     24.51% |         238      2.90%     27.41% |         261      3.18%     30.59% |         295      3.59%     34.18% |         277      3.38%     37.56% |         231      2.82%     40.37% |         267      3.25%     43.63% |         247      3.01%     46.64% |         238      2.90%     49.54% |         222      2.71%     52.24% |         226      2.75%     55.00% |         219      2.67%     57.67% |         225      2.74%     60.41% |         285      3.47%     63.88% |         394      4.80%     68.68% |         275      3.35%     72.03% |         256      3.12%     75.15% |         247      3.01%     78.16% |         256      3.12%     81.28% |         244      2.97%     84.26% |         246      3.00%     87.25% |         254      3.10%     90.35% |         239      2.91%     93.26% |         261      3.18%     96.44% |         292      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         8206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12      7.50%      7.50% |           0      0.00%      7.50% |           0      0.00%      7.50% |           0      0.00%      7.50% |          40     25.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |           0      0.00%     32.50% |          40     25.00%     57.50% |          35     21.88%     79.38% |          33     20.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4      3.60%      3.60% |           1      0.90%      4.50% |           2      1.80%      6.31% |           0      0.00%      6.31% |           0      0.00%      6.31% |           0      0.00%      6.31% |           0      0.00%      6.31% |          17     15.32%     21.62% |           0      0.00%     21.62% |           2      1.80%     23.42% |           1      0.90%     24.32% |           1      0.90%     25.23% |           1      0.90%     26.13% |           0      0.00%     26.13% |           0      0.00%     26.13% |           1      0.90%     27.03% |           1      0.90%     27.93% |           0      0.00%     27.93% |          54     48.65%     76.58% |           9      8.11%     84.68% |           8      7.21%     91.89% |           1      0.90%     92.79% |           1      0.90%     93.69% |           5      4.50%     98.20% |           2      1.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          111                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          53     98.15%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       81573      3.50%      3.50% |       72557      3.11%      6.61% |       72657      3.12%      9.73% |       72507      3.11%     12.84% |       72518      3.11%     15.95% |       72500      3.11%     19.06% |       72554      3.11%     22.17% |       72541      3.11%     25.28% |       72626      3.12%     28.40% |       72625      3.11%     31.51% |       72738      3.12%     34.63% |       72595      3.11%     37.74% |       72680      3.12%     40.86% |       72606      3.11%     43.98% |       72588      3.11%     47.09% |       72476      3.11%     50.20% |       72565      3.11%     53.31% |       72556      3.11%     56.42% |       72602      3.11%     59.54% |       72472      3.11%     62.64% |       72577      3.11%     65.76% |       72714      3.12%     68.88% |       72604      3.11%     71.99% |       72452      3.11%     75.10% |       72537      3.11%     78.21% |       72636      3.12%     81.32% |       72567      3.11%     84.44% |       72444      3.11%     87.54% |       72531      3.11%     90.66% |       72605      3.11%     93.77% |       72602      3.11%     96.88% |       72660      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2331465                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          57     41.61%     41.61% |           2      1.46%     43.07% |           3      2.19%     45.26% |           1      0.73%     45.99% |           0      0.00%     45.99% |           0      0.00%     45.99% |           0      0.00%     45.99% |           1      0.73%     46.72% |           1      0.73%     47.45% |           0      0.00%     47.45% |           2      1.46%     48.91% |           2      1.46%     50.36% |           1      0.73%     51.09% |           1      0.73%     51.82% |           1      0.73%     52.55% |           1      0.73%     53.28% |           1      0.73%     54.01% |           0      0.00%     54.01% |           1      0.73%     54.74% |          12      8.76%     63.50% |           3      2.19%     65.69% |           2      1.46%     67.15% |           3      2.19%     69.34% |           2      1.46%     70.80% |           4      2.92%     73.72% |           3      2.19%     75.91% |           2      1.46%     77.37% |           3      2.19%     79.56% |           9      6.57%     86.13% |          12      8.76%     94.89% |           7      5.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          137                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.26%      5.26% |           2      3.51%      8.77% |           1      1.75%     10.53% |           2      3.51%     14.04% |           1      1.75%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      1.75%     17.54% |           3      5.26%     22.81% |           1      1.75%     24.56% |           2      3.51%     28.07% |           3      5.26%     33.33% |           2      3.51%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           1      1.75%     38.60% |           1      1.75%     40.35% |           1      1.75%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           2      3.51%     45.61% |           1      1.75%     47.37% |           1      1.75%     49.12% |           2      3.51%     52.63% |           3      5.26%     57.89% |           3      5.26%     63.16% |           4      7.02%     70.18% |           2      3.51%     73.68% |           2      3.51%     77.19% |           0      0.00%     77.19% |           0      0.00%     77.19% |           3      5.26%     82.46% |           1      1.75%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           9     15.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     20.41%     20.41% |          39     79.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          19      4.22%      4.22% |           8      1.78%      6.00% |          31      6.89%     12.89% |          24      5.33%     18.22% |           4      0.89%     19.11% |           3      0.67%     19.78% |           0      0.00%     19.78% |           4      0.89%     20.67% |          16      3.56%     24.22% |           1      0.22%     24.44% |          16      3.56%     28.00% |           3      0.67%     28.67% |           7      1.56%     30.22% |           3      0.67%     30.89% |           5      1.11%     32.00% |           4      0.89%     32.89% |           1      0.22%     33.11% |           7      1.56%     34.67% |           5      1.11%     35.78% |           7      1.56%     37.33% |          64     14.22%     51.56% |          72     16.00%     67.56% |           8      1.78%     69.33% |           7      1.56%     70.89% |           9      2.00%     72.89% |          10      2.22%     75.11% |          16      3.56%     78.67% |          17      3.78%     82.44% |          17      3.78%     86.22% |          21      4.67%     90.89% |          39      8.67%     99.56% |           2      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          450                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         303      3.91%      3.91% |         233      3.00%      6.91% |         223      2.88%      9.79% |         224      2.89%     12.67% |         220      2.84%     15.51% |         254      3.27%     18.79% |         219      2.82%     21.61% |         242      3.12%     24.73% |         222      2.86%     27.59% |         260      3.35%     30.94% |         279      3.60%     34.54% |         274      3.53%     38.07% |         224      2.89%     40.96% |         264      3.40%     44.37% |         242      3.12%     47.49% |         234      3.02%     50.50% |         221      2.85%     53.35% |         219      2.82%     56.18% |         214      2.76%     58.94% |         218      2.81%     61.75% |         221      2.85%     64.60% |         322      4.15%     68.75% |         267      3.44%     72.19% |         249      3.21%     75.40% |         238      3.07%     78.47% |         246      3.17%     81.64% |         228      2.94%     84.58% |         229      2.95%     87.53% |         237      3.06%     90.59% |         218      2.81%     93.40% |         222      2.86%     96.26% |         290      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         7756                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         525      3.19%      3.19% |         461      2.80%      5.99% |         480      2.92%      8.91% |         461      2.80%     11.71% |         484      2.94%     14.65% |         444      2.70%     17.35% |         472      2.87%     20.21% |         501      3.04%     23.26% |         535      3.25%     26.51% |         482      2.93%     29.43% |         506      3.07%     32.51% |         512      3.11%     35.62% |         610      3.71%     39.33% |         547      3.32%     42.65% |         512      3.11%     45.76% |         536      3.26%     49.02% |         546      3.32%     52.33% |         557      3.38%     55.72% |         543      3.30%     59.02% |         492      2.99%     62.00% |         480      2.92%     64.92% |         536      3.26%     68.18% |         506      3.07%     71.25% |         490      2.98%     74.23% |         530      3.22%     77.45% |         587      3.57%     81.01% |         527      3.20%     84.22% |         481      2.92%     87.14% |         483      2.93%     90.07% |         556      3.38%     93.45% |         549      3.34%     96.79% |         529      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16460                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       47356      3.82%      3.82% |       38487      3.11%      6.93% |       38553      3.11%     10.04% |       38422      3.10%     13.14% |       38431      3.10%     16.24% |       38447      3.10%     19.34% |       38471      3.10%     22.45% |       38434      3.10%     25.55% |       38471      3.10%     28.66% |       38525      3.11%     31.76% |       38635      3.12%     34.88% |       38466      3.10%     37.99% |       38453      3.10%     41.09% |       38448      3.10%     44.19% |       38468      3.10%     47.30% |       38334      3.09%     50.39% |       38397      3.10%     53.49% |       38371      3.10%     56.59% |       38438      3.10%     59.69% |       38368      3.10%     62.79% |       38419      3.10%     65.89% |       38513      3.11%     68.99% |       38489      3.11%     72.10% |       38349      3.09%     75.20% |       38385      3.10%     78.29% |       38436      3.10%     81.39% |       38414      3.10%     84.50% |       38342      3.09%     87.59% |       38431      3.10%     90.69% |       38421      3.10%     93.79% |       38408      3.10%     96.89% |       38519      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1239101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         524      3.18%      3.18% |         460      2.79%      5.97% |         481      2.92%      8.89% |         461      2.80%     11.69% |         483      2.93%     14.62% |         441      2.68%     17.29% |         473      2.87%     20.16% |         502      3.05%     23.21% |         537      3.26%     26.47% |         485      2.94%     29.41% |         505      3.06%     32.47% |         510      3.09%     35.57% |         614      3.73%     39.29% |         549      3.33%     42.62% |         513      3.11%     45.74% |         539      3.27%     49.01% |         548      3.33%     52.33% |         560      3.40%     55.73% |         542      3.29%     59.02% |         493      2.99%     62.01% |         482      2.92%     64.94% |         536      3.25%     68.19% |         505      3.06%     71.25% |         489      2.97%     74.22% |         530      3.22%     77.43% |         587      3.56%     81.00% |         527      3.20%     84.19% |         481      2.92%     87.11% |         484      2.94%     90.05% |         559      3.39%     93.44% |         550      3.34%     96.78% |         531      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16481                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       34717      3.13%      3.13% |       34634      3.12%      6.26% |       34647      3.13%      9.38% |       34648      3.13%     12.51% |       34628      3.12%     15.63% |       34636      3.12%     18.75% |       34634      3.12%     21.88% |       34629      3.12%     25.00% |       34642      3.12%     28.13% |       34639      3.12%     31.25% |       34622      3.12%     34.37% |       34643      3.12%     37.50% |       34637      3.12%     40.62% |       34633      3.12%     43.75% |       34631      3.12%     46.87% |       34627      3.12%     49.99% |       34644      3.12%     53.12% |       34649      3.13%     56.24% |       34646      3.13%     59.37% |       34635      3.12%     62.49% |       34700      3.13%     65.62% |       34689      3.13%     68.75% |       34633      3.12%     71.88% |       34638      3.12%     75.00% |       34646      3.13%     78.12% |       34636      3.12%     81.25% |       34650      3.13%     84.37% |       34645      3.12%     87.50% |       34640      3.12%     90.62% |       34649      3.13%     93.75% |       34668      3.13%     96.88% |       34634      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1108649                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |          13      3.29%      3.29% |           6      1.52%      4.81% |          12      3.04%      7.85% |           9      2.28%     10.13% |           5      1.27%     11.39% |           6      1.52%     12.91% |           2      0.51%     13.42% |           8      2.03%     15.44% |          10      2.53%     17.97% |          19      4.81%     22.78% |           5      1.27%     24.05% |          20      5.06%     29.11% |          30      7.59%     36.71% |          12      3.04%     39.75% |           6      1.52%     41.27% |          11      2.78%     44.05% |           8      2.03%     46.08% |          11      2.78%     48.86% |          15      3.80%     52.66% |          16      4.05%     56.71% |          14      3.54%     60.25% |           5      1.27%     61.52% |           8      2.03%     63.54% |          49     12.41%     75.95% |          31      7.85%     83.80% |           8      2.03%     85.82% |          12      3.04%     88.86% |          12      3.04%     91.90% |           6      1.52%     93.42% |           7      1.77%     95.19% |          11      2.78%     97.97% |           8      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total          395                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      223681      5.14%      5.14% |      133226      3.06%      8.20% |      131943      3.03%     11.23% |      134045      3.08%     14.31% |      132013      3.03%     17.34% |      131281      3.02%     20.35% |      131331      3.02%     23.37% |      130843      3.00%     26.37% |      131228      3.01%     29.39% |      131892      3.03%     32.42% |      133802      3.07%     35.49% |      132714      3.05%     38.54% |      131553      3.02%     41.56% |      132051      3.03%     44.59% |      130677      3.00%     47.59% |      130858      3.01%     50.60% |      131855      3.03%     53.63% |      131806      3.03%     56.65% |      132097      3.03%     59.69% |      132329      3.04%     62.73% |      132473      3.04%     65.77% |      147210      3.38%     69.15% |      140712      3.23%     72.38% |      131514      3.02%     75.40% |      131967      3.03%     78.43% |      132194      3.04%     81.47% |      131827      3.03%     84.49% |      131644      3.02%     87.52% |      132940      3.05%     90.57% |      132007      3.03%     93.60% |      135594      3.11%     96.72% |      142950      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4354257                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total            5                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      470870     20.67%     20.67% |     1138894     50.00%     70.67% |      668024     29.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2277788                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      470870     20.67%     20.67% |     1138894     50.00%     70.67% |      668024     29.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2277788                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      470870     20.67%     20.67% |     1138894     50.00%     70.67% |      668024     29.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2277788                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      470870     20.67%     20.67% |     1138894     50.00%     70.67% |      668024     29.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2277788                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
