
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.122202                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                122201763500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5298369842000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  18496                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    32528                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               39225700                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6332940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3115.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    57620698                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     101336399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     55863296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          55863296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     23288384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       23288384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       872864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             872864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       363881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            363881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    457139851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            457139851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    190573224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           190573224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    647713075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           647713075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     872864                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    363881                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   872864                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  363881                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              55852672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  10624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               23288192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               55863296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            23288384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   166                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            56553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            55170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            54211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            53766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            53495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            53764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            55853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            55509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            55094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            54536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           53758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           53560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           53021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           53650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           54949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           55809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            22917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            22887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            22670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            22792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            22586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            22837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            23072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            23320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            22711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            22702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           22249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           22467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           22278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           22583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           22753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           23054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   127186                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    27719                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 122201263500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               872864                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              363881                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 183477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  27894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  26157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  26754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  26914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  27244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  27075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  26696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  26498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  25620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 24744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 23731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 22691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 21782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                 20541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                 19003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                 18045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                 16889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                 15897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                 15123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                 14166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                 13092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                 12100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                 11421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                 10590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                 10104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  9459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  8895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  8307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  8160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  8015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                135614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  47931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  52326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  55341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  57299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  59152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  23555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  45107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       373581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.841009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.446530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.348620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       125419     33.57%     33.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       111072     29.73%     63.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        78907     21.12%     84.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24725      6.62%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19489      5.22%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6254      1.67%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4075      1.09%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2877      0.77%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          763      0.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       373581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.130437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.829236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        50533     99.19%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          354      0.69%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           29      0.06%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           13      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        50944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.142706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.501478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.555667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          36706     72.05%     72.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          6442     12.65%     84.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4099      8.05%     92.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3697      7.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        50944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                112344728588                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           128707816088                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                4363490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   128732.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              147482.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      457.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      190.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   457.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   190.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        5.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    3.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      2.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  671034                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 191949                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               52.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                     98808.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20212430500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4080440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    97905119000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1422897840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1401283800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              776382750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              764589375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            3418841400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            3388015800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1186319520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1171545120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7981340640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7981340640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        51061755960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        50580511515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28527586500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        28949730750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          94375124610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          94237017000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          772.315270                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          771.185072                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     55273472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          55273472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     22737216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       22737216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       863648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             863648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       355269                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            355269                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    452313211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            452313211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    186062912                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           186062912                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    638376123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           638376123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     863648                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    355269                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   863648                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  355269                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              55263552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   9920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               22737088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               55273472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            22737216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   155                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            55857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            54621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            53486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            53312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            52892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            53093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            55566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            55037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            54541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            53890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           52919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           53069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           52344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           53046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           54534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           55286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            22467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            22341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            22096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            22213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            22112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            22210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            22624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            22754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            22240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            22117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           21689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           21864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           21819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           21949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           22284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           22488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                   128986                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    26731                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 122201011500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               863648                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              355269                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 176167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  26369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  26518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  26879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  27033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  27222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  27013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  26907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  26192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  25390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 24604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 23949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 22961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 21812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                 20618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                 19267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                 18096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                 16824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                 15668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                 14629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                 13774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                 12874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                 12041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                 11193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                 10347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  9644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  9219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  8549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  8273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  8056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  7945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                137460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  50512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  53472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  55718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  57425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  23696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  23976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  44250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       360088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.613006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.851333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.417620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       118942     33.03%     33.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       103578     28.76%     61.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        79004     21.94%     83.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25160      6.99%     90.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19387      5.38%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6192      1.72%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4126      1.15%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2953      0.82%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          746      0.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       360088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.543814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.380270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48800     99.15%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          363      0.74%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           34      0.07%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        49219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.218087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.561108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.594283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34899     70.91%     70.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          6499     13.20%     84.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4159      8.45%     92.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3662      7.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        49219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                112323650500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           128514144250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                4317465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   130080.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              148830.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      452.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      186.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   452.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   186.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        4.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    3.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      2.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  667318                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 191346                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                77.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               53.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    100253.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20700487250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4080440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97417289750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1374967440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1347260040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              750230250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              735112125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            3384084600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            3350989200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1158727680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1143370080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7981340640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7981340640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49850998155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        49617878985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29589678000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29794168500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          94090026765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          93970119570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          769.981939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          769.000683                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     55228480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          55228480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     22725504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       22725504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       862945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             862945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       355086                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            355086                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    451945033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            451945033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    185967071                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           185967071                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    637912103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           637912103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     862945                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    355086                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   862945                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  355086                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              55221952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   6528                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               22725376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               55228480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            22725504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   102                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            56018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            54686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            53336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            53192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            53019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            52920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            55280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            55011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            54686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            53900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           52844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           52981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           52576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           52632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           54369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           55393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            22533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            22260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            22213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            22049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            22253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            22030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            22612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            22678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            22363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            22017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           21792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           21724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           21947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           21756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           22381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           22476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                   126299                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    27759                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 122201719500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               862945                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              355086                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 176314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  26030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  26301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  26920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  27105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  27403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  27286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  27130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  26492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  25567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 24736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 24045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 22756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                 21727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                 20603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                 19509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                 17946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                 17076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                 15782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                 14701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                 13708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                 12818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                 12067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                 11326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                 10719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  9847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  9240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  8790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  8298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  8091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  7875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                134635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  50492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  53451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  55641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  57293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  23344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  23578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  45016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       358425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.470723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.684159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.642300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       116999     32.64%     32.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       103531     28.88%     61.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        79527     22.19%     83.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24765      6.91%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19473      5.43%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6295      1.76%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4065      1.13%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2994      0.84%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          776      0.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       358425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.519929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.597391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48830     99.15%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          365      0.74%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           35      0.07%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        49249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.209974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.556639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.586255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34976     71.02%     71.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          6502     13.20%     84.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4084      8.29%     92.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3687      7.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        49249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                111771256103                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat           127949562353                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                4314215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   129538.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              148288.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      451.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      185.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   451.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   185.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        4.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    3.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      2.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  667568                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 191930                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                77.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    100327.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20831726500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4080440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97285627000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1365729120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1343895840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              745189500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              733276500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            3380972400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            3349086000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1157483520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1143428400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7981340640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7981340640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        50089061790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        49577723055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29380852500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29829395250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          94100629470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          93958145685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          770.068682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          768.902672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     55233216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          55233216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     22711616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       22711616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       863019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             863019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       354869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            354869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    451983788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            451983788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    185853423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           185853423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    637837211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           637837211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     863020                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    354869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   863020                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  354869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              55227072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   6208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               22711360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               55233280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            22711616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    97                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            55842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            54758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            53459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            53136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            52855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            53041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            55298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            54961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            54666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            54000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           53037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           52823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           52493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           52878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           54343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           55333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            22443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            22318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            22255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            22058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            22124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            22052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            22511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            22741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            22263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            22095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           21817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           21761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           21883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           21812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           22253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           22479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                   125299                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    26539                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 122201016500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               863020                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              354869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 176061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  26246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  26403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  26921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  27306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  27483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  27427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  27189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  26382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  25510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 24815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 23745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 22795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 21737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                 20627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                 19489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                 18233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                 17068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                 16015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                 15006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                 14184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                 13045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                 12181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                 11245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                 10428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  9751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  9215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  8692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  8235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  7956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  7879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                133654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  50717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  53422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  55781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  57445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  23522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  23738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  44039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       358147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.613081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.644318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.853148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       117473     32.80%     32.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       102805     28.70%     61.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        79154     22.10%     83.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25038      6.99%     90.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19593      5.47%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6205      1.73%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4109      1.15%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2972      0.83%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          798      0.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       358147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.538546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.164956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48779     99.14%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          366      0.74%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           36      0.07%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        49201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.212557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.556001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.595472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34968     71.07%     71.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          6457     13.12%     84.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4113      8.36%     92.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3663      7.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        49201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                111603046775                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat           127782853025                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                4314615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   129331.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              148081.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      451.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      185.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   451.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   185.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        4.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    3.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      2.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  667616                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 192019                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                77.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               54.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    100338.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20269635000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4080440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    97847606250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1361865960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1345710240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              743081625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              734266500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            3380098800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            3350575800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1156680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1142812800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7981340640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7981340640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        49820602050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        49356067725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29616318000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30023804250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          94059987075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          93934577955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          769.736354                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          768.710073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1479                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1479                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              544380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1992500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               28898429                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 45.649782                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.977134                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                65.238505                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    28772736     99.57%     99.57% |      125515      0.43%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 28898429                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     41008251                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.642103                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.799555                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.036319                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    36813247     89.77%     89.77% |     1891267      4.61%     94.38% |      644293      1.57%     95.95% |      549510      1.34%     97.29% |      343593      0.84%     98.13% |      260549      0.64%     98.77% |      204560      0.50%     99.27% |      183799      0.45%     99.71% |      117433      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      41008251                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            41008249                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              60.095026                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              5.057416                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            247.480268                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    40929027     99.81%     99.81% |       65267      0.16%     99.97% |        9031      0.02%     99.99% |        3707      0.01%    100.00% |         848      0.00%    100.00% |         318      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              41008249                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        36500618                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000195                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000168                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.014220                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    36493620     99.98%     99.98% |        6895      0.02%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          36500618                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4507631                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        522.421381                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       346.983625                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       563.070921                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4428409     98.24%     98.24% |       65267      1.45%     99.69% |        9031      0.20%     99.89% |        3707      0.08%     99.97% |         848      0.02%     99.99% |         318      0.01%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4507631                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         573511                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       573511                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          908                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          948                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         1011                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          893                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     25771862                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       917074                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     26688936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10727454                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126611                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10854065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1295922                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37905                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       475900                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2035223                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        64192                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       117145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       117312                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        49491                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          117                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        46117                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          121                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        53308                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          118                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        53126                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          129                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       135360                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        56824                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          153                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       144231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       144384                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        60459                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          125                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126211                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        53199                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126197                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        53099                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits           17                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles        45882                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits           23                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108265                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles        46046                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits           18                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108270                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles        46024                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits           34                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126302                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles        53239                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits           24                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles        45806                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits           22                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108266                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles        46184                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits           26                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126310                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles        53311                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits           27                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles        46006                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126336                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles        53296                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits           22                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126314                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles        53464                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles        45956                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles        45827                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles        45939                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles        45973                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles        45869                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles        45952                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            5                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108283                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles        45969                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            6                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108282                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles        46225                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            4                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles        46016                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            4                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles        45935                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles        45966                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            1                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108287                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles        46373                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       106003                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       122221                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       228224                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        24616                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses       113199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137815                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        25778                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses       113119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       138897                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        24474                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses       112977                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       137451                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        23093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses       113137                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       136230                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        24462                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses       112845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       137307                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        22630                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses       112852                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       135482                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        22651                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses       112875                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       135526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        23827                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses       113147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136974                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        23760                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses       113121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136881                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        23759                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses       112931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       136690                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        23624                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses       112906                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       136530                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        23272                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses       112953                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       136225                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        23753                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses       112884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       136637                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        39266                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses       112801                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       152067                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        32410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses       112605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       145015                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        23215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses       112512                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       135727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        23592                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses       112844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       136436                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        23931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses       112867                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        22943                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses       112924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135867                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        24095                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses       113042                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       137137                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        24489                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses       113242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       137731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        24899                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses       113219                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       138118                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        25622                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses       112730                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       138352                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        28196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses       113333                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       141529                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        34724                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses       113360                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       148084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        23774                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses       112680                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       136454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        24138                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses       112436                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       136574                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        23453                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses       112588                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       136041                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        22304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses       112746                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       135050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        22622                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses       113187                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       135809                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        24834                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses       113141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137975                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          238                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     22958725                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     22958725                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     23568782                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     22958725                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10646743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10596929                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     22958725                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.093938                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     15041126                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     15041126                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15783589                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15041126                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8051572                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7973414                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     15041126                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.061542                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     13287264                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     13287264                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13882942                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13287264                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5704070                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5651456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     13287264                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.054366                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     12574598                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     12574598                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13181459                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12574598                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5516036                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5462026                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     12574598                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.051450                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     13095811                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     13095811                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13798004                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13095811                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6538294                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6468971                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     13095811                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.053583                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     14034339                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     14034339                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15161437                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14034339                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7129574                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6999631                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     14034339                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.057423                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     16045478                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     16045478                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16892640                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16045478                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6892839                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6805130                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     16045478                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.065652                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14190729                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14190729                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15075180                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14190729                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6452267                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6377049                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14190729                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.058063                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      8694141                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      8694141                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9018468                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8694141                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3911985                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3866173                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      8694141                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.035573                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      9184149                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      9184149                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9645012                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9184149                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4478331                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4421953                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      9184149                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.037578                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      9962637                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      9962637                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10456279                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9962637                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4542460                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4481549                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      9962637                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.040763                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      9177843                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      9177843                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9514251                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9177843                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4026407                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3983831                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      9177843                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.037552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads     10119047                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes     10119047                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10616040                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10119047                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4734291                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4674727                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity     10119047                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.041403                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads     10652373                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes     10652373                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11190484                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10652373                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4790921                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4729693                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity     10652373                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.043585                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      6567737                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      6567737                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6872767                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6567737                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3175273                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3129801                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      6567737                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.026873                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      9038476                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      9038476                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9536355                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9038476                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4470720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4399312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      9038476                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.036982                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads     10149089                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes     10149089                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10646429                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10149089                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4861355                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4797681                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity     10149089                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.041526                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      9463288                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      9463288                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9933191                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9463288                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4674551                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4621080                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      9463288                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.038720                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      9625369                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      9625369                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10151998                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9625369                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4794456                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4714789                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      9625369                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.039383                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      6727535                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      6727535                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7122499                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6727535                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3261266                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3208907                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      6727535                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.027526                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      4996392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      4996392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5124939                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4996392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2291234                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2272112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      4996392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.020443                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      6094281                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      6094281                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6325829                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6094281                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2935191                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2911157                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      6094281                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.024935                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      6321863                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      6321863                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6630441                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6321863                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2944703                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2917679                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      6321862                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.025866                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      4291138                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      4291138                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4402888                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4291138                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2031532                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2012674                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      4291138                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.017558                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      4947516                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      4947516                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5079020                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4947516                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2241486                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2223428                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      4947516                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.020243                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      5873803                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      5873803                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6129147                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5873803                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2818558                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2794647                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      5873803                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.024033                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      6216917                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      6216917                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6507041                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6216916                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2885800                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2862052                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      6216916                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.025437                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      4305213                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      4305213                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4423955                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4305213                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2036107                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2017629                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      4305213                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.017615                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     16613186                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     16613186                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18423460                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16613186                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7377448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7274282                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     16613186                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.067974                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     17260315                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     17260315                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18788218                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17260315                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7725379                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7635515                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     17260315                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.070622                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     17917482                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     17917482                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20147056                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17917482                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8074835                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7924126                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     17917482                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.073311                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     18781910                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     18781910                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20858064                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18781910                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8550077                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8405214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     18781910                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.076848                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    19809256     24.07%     24.07% |    57502477     69.87%     93.94% |     4987386      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     82299119                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    19809256     24.07%     24.07% |    57502479     69.87%     93.94% |     4987386      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     82299121                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   749584806                       |  1562634632                       |   130477982                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   922646227                       |   221577402                       |     4989189                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.840129                       |   27.175084                       |   26.161597                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   46.576521                       |    3.853354                       |    1.000362                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.680724                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    13.963853                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         43.644577                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.005666                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.107913      6.18%      6.18% |    0.107707      6.17%     12.36% |    0.105382      6.04%     18.39% |    0.105305      6.03%     24.43% |    0.303337     17.38%     41.81% |    0.298697     17.12%     58.93% |    0.302946     17.36%     76.29% |    0.297977     17.08%     93.36% |    0.028954      1.66%     95.02% |    0.028961      1.66%     96.68% |    0.028960      1.66%     98.34% |    0.028962      1.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.745101                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.044011                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023350                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002049                       |    0.001911                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002173                       |    0.002369                       |    0.002534                       |    0.002204                       |    0.002224                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001911                       |    0.001921                       |    0.002168                       |    0.001893                       |    0.001888                       |    0.002193                       |    0.001894                       |    0.002153                       |    0.002144                       |    0.001873                       |    0.001914                       |    0.001867                       |    0.001871                       |    0.001890                       |    0.001892                       |    0.001867                       |    0.001866                       |    0.001897                       |    0.001886                       |    0.001900                       |    0.001860                       |    0.007358                       |    0.004922                       |    0.004880                       |    0.004926                       |    0.004876                       |    0.004874                       |    0.004864                       |    0.004846                       |    0.004872                       |    0.004922                       |    0.004945                       |    0.004910                       |    0.004883                       |    0.004906                       |    0.004862                       |    0.004868                       |    0.004906                       |    0.004906                       |    0.004898                       |    0.004893                       |    0.004896                       |    0.005276                       |    0.005098                       |    0.004871                       |    0.004889                       |    0.004899                       |    0.004880                       |    0.004905                       |    0.004924                       |    0.004929                       |    0.005014                       |    0.005177                       |    0.021422                       |    0.021194                       |    0.021177                       |    0.021179                       |    0.000099                       |           0                       |    0.001606                       |    0.003954                       |    0.000079                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000086                       |    0.000089                       |    0.000097                       |    0.000106                       |    0.000087                       |    0.000089                       |    0.000071                       |    0.000071                       |    0.000071                       |    0.000084                       |    0.000073                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000085                       |    0.000074                       |    0.000083                       |    0.000083                       |    0.000073                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000075                       |    0.000075                       |    0.000073                       |    0.000071                       |    0.000071                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000075                       |    0.000074                       |    0.000072                       |    0.002662                       |    0.005148                       |    0.000101                       |           0                       |    0.000073                       |    0.006383                       |    0.006077                       |    0.003095                       |    0.005129                       |    0.000087                       |    0.009342                       |    0.011721                       |    0.006199                       |    0.002665                       |    0.005184                       |    0.012994                       |    0.000072                       |    0.017606                       |    0.021675                       |    0.007778                       |    0.002878                       |    0.005152                       |    0.000079                       |    0.017237                       |    0.014902                       |    0.014118                       |    0.002663                       |    0.005194                       |    0.000072                       |    0.018799                       |    0.015826                       |    0.008895                       |    0.002664                       |    0.005164                       |    0.012777                       |    0.000075                       |    0.022858                       |    0.017606                       |    0.009478                       |    0.002665                       |    0.005158                       |    0.000071                       |    0.011441                       |    0.009290                       |    0.008928                       |    0.002664                       |    0.005141                       |    0.000075                       |    0.006297                       |    0.006067                       |    0.002666                       |    0.005431                       |    0.000072                       |    0.004160                       |    0.006680                       |    0.005927                       |    0.003097                       |    0.005142                       |    0.000089                       |    0.004421                       |    0.006918                       |    0.012082                       |    0.005828                       |    0.003106                       |    0.005148                       |    0.000086                       |    0.010701                       |    0.012384                       |    0.014650                       |    0.007508                       |    0.025165                       |    0.006901                       |    0.001606                       |    0.006883                       |    0.020100                       |    0.024246                       |    0.009037                       |    0.000001                       |    0.005174                       |    0.003954                       |    0.006781                       |    0.015328                       |    0.021356                       |    0.008948                       |    0.003102                       |    0.005128                       |    0.000089                       |    0.015271                       |    0.012316                       |    0.012051                       |    0.009465                       |    0.002666                       |    0.005136                       |    0.000071                       |    0.006757                       |    0.011376                       |    0.006489                       |    0.008909                       |    0.002663                       |    0.005141                       |    0.000073                       |    0.004100                       |    0.006286                       |    0.005772                       |    0.002662                       |    0.005266                       |    0.000072                       |    0.004678                       |    0.006479                       |    0.006709                       |    0.002664                       |    0.005179                       |    0.000071                       |    0.005080                       |    0.009436                       |    0.011661                       |    0.006673                       |    0.002666                       |    0.005262                       |    0.012768                       |    0.000074                       |    0.006449                       |    0.017870                       |    0.021547                       |    0.006674                       |    0.003323                       |    0.005131                       |    0.000097                       |    0.017528                       |    0.017645                       |    0.014866                       |    0.007061                       |    0.003541                       |    0.005113                       |    0.000106                       |    0.007208                       |    0.019340                       |    0.016022                       |    0.006734                       |    0.002661                       |    0.005365                       |    0.012765                       |    0.000072                       |    0.008078                       |    0.023153                       |    0.017708                       |    0.007046                       |    0.003101                       |    0.005145                       |    0.000084                       |    0.007263                       |    0.011574                       |    0.009376                       |    0.007041                       |    0.002662                       |    0.005135                       |    0.000071                       |    0.004614                       |    0.006250                       |    0.006705                       |    0.002662                       |    0.005115                       |    0.000075                       |    0.003467                       |    0.006238                       |    0.002663                       |    0.005116                       |    0.000073                       |    0.003664                       |    0.004032                       |    0.011325                       |    0.002662                       |    0.005114                       |    0.000072                       |    0.008332                       |    0.007134                       |    0.013668                       |    0.003101                       |    0.005143                       |    0.000085                       |    0.008396                       |    0.012155                       |    0.012646                       |    0.002661                       |    0.005135                       |    0.000074                       |    0.003610                       |    0.013612                       |    0.013627                       |    0.003101                       |    0.005135                       |    0.000083                       |    0.011499                       |    0.012466                       |    0.007098                       |    0.003100                       |    0.005139                       |    0.000083                       |    0.003561                       |    0.011576                       |    0.004068                       |    0.002662                       |    0.005144                       |    0.000071                       |    0.003471                       |    0.006267                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.745101                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         9239612                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9239612                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389972                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6621515                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         6005263                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.693187                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          802082                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30138                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             16328562                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86415                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            19719271                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181255                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         16414977                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19900526                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  36047833                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267670                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              36315503                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10861161                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9642                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10870803                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10861161                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9642                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10870803                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                240857145                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     35768648                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               66025085                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             9239612                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6807345                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             199427579                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       183897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       305859                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       346525                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10860493                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230946                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3955                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    236632421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.723261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        213761456     90.33%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2042194      0.86%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3100474      1.31%     92.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           915908      0.39%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3162767      1.34%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1549556      0.65%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          4098484      1.73%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           580472      0.25%     96.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7421110      3.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    236632421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.038361                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.274125                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13554371                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     206783611                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6809051                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9031215                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454166                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      114924155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454166                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16289725                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       126550231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13493086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12671127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      67174079                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      112921203                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        7426024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    123227186                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     254979909                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    168114912                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     109732681                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13494503                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363551                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          55611865                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8874584                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     20131902                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2476608                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2219559                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          110878282                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       794073                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         116077807                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326739                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10016075                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14630914                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137052                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236632421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.490541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.200354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187194362     79.11%     79.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21189928      8.95%     88.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10896482      4.60%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6483247      2.74%     95.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3808489      1.61%     97.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5141041      2.17%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1086064      0.46%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472835      0.20%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359973      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236632421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113394      9.71%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913151     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141592     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417225      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      79386900     68.39%     68.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52406      0.05%     68.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52160      0.04%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     16231493     13.98%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19937614     17.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      116077807                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.481936                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168137                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010063                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470282749                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    121697046                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    107207651                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      116828635                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2525097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1471911                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2663                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8980                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       741030                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      9376686                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454166                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6873791                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111731858                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    111672355                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8874584                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     20131902                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       784651                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         317156                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8980                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131505                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330280                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461785                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     115365633                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      16016348                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             35747921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7797709                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           19731573                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.478979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              107316467                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             107207705                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          56025121                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          87197674                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.445109                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.642507                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10250040                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       657021                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       404075                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234948280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195537457     83.23%     83.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16823744      7.16%     90.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11121169      4.73%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2687233      1.14%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2382982      1.01%     97.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1185078      0.50%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155299      0.49%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       623041      0.27%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3432277      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234948280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     57620697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      101336396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26793544                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               7402672                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            7272678                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         100612659                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       717797                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178715      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     74262082     73.28%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51123      0.05%     73.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50923      0.05%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      7402672      7.31%     80.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     19390872     19.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    101336396                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3432277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            342851970                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           224867620                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87514                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4224724                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            57620697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             101336396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.180046                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.180046                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.239232                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.239232                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        174476755                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        78937861                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          35969823                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         37089265                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        51519692                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357601                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               9588381000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            9588381000.000013                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12232223                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        67.431025                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       41.387216                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       94.459613                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    12106530     98.97%     98.97% |      125515      1.03%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12232223                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      15823377                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.763306                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.524015                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       15.240826                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    15478704     97.82%     97.82% |      316296      2.00%     99.82% |       21638      0.14%     99.96% |        4499      0.03%     99.99% |        1562      0.01%    100.00% |         557      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        15823377                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        842829                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        27.786924                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       25.317910                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       11.366525                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      106520     12.64%     12.64% |      415178     49.26%     61.90% |      275669     32.71%     94.61% |       44372      5.26%     99.87% |        1064      0.13%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          842829                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9502205                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          154.678291                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean          11.896980                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         389.124996                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     9465743     99.62%     99.62% |       24827      0.26%     99.88% |        6815      0.07%     99.95% |        3604      0.04%     99.99% |         847      0.01%    100.00% |         318      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9502205                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6769104                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000808                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000696                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.028736                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6763684     99.92%     99.92% |        5382      0.08%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6769104                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2733101                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     530.339730                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    360.613874                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    573.006851                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2696639     98.67%     98.67% |       24827      0.91%     99.57% |        6815      0.25%     99.82% |        3604      0.13%     99.96% |         847      0.03%     99.99% |         318      0.01%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2733101                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         20372124                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           46.531862                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.408870                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         215.608249                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    20136398     98.84%     98.84% |      192979      0.95%     99.79% |       33312      0.16%     99.95% |        7117      0.03%     99.99% |        1748      0.01%    100.00% |         467      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           20372124                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     18745072                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000082                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000070                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009484                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    18743596     99.99%     99.99% |        1411      0.01%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       18745072                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1627052                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     548.056299                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    372.023783                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    555.606236                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1391326     85.51%     85.51% |      192979     11.86%     97.37% |       33312      2.05%     99.42% |        7117      0.44%     99.86% |        1748      0.11%     99.96% |         467      0.03%     99.99% |          97      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1627052                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10854063                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.015598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.115799                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.978738                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10853948    100.00%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10854063                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10727454                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000305                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10727453    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10727454                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126609                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    90.066164                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.126131                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    83.359517                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126494     99.91%     99.91% |         102      0.08%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126609                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278547                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.992687                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.868000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.596037                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      277326     99.56%     99.56% |        1101      0.40%     99.96% |         108      0.04%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278547                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257711                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257610     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257711                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20836                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.845748                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.523538                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.687705                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       19615     94.14%     94.14% |        1101      5.28%     99.42% |         108      0.52%     99.94% |           9      0.04%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20836                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       313433                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     18374991                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        79131                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18629                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    27957                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    14139                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    27867                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    14147                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    35627                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    14048                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    36076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    18596                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    35832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   23144                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   35726                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   22529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   27912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   22654                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   27892                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   14286                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   27724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   14212                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   27761                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   14168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   27845                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   14245                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   35630                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                   14246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                   27951                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   14163                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   27770                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   14026                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   35578                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   14092                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   27784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                   14232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                   35479                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                   14195                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                   35460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   14135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                   27797                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                   14103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                   27969                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                   14076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                   27839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                   13977                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                   27773                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                   14104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                   27780                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                   14012                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                   27986                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                   14104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                   27926                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                   14308                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                   27739                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                   14045                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                   27903                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                   14079                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                   28028                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                   13993                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                   27788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                   13992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                   27587                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  26523                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  44267                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  21989                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  44357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  21981                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  54645                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  22080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  54196                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  26556                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                  54440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 31032                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 54546                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 31647                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                 44312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 31522                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 44332                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                 21842                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                 44500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                 21916                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                 44463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                 21960                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                 44379                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                 21883                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                 54642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                 21882                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                 44273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                 21965                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                 44454                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                 22102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                 54694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                 22036                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                 44440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                 21896                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                 54793                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                 21933                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                 54812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                 21993                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                 44427                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                 22025                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                 44255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                 22052                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                 44385                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                 22151                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                 44451                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                 22024                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                 44444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                 22116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                 44238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                 22024                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                 44298                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                 21820                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                 44485                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                 22083                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                 44321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                 22049                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                 44196                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                 22135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                 44436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                 22136                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                 44637                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    28535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    42404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    23224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    42432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    23130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    52433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    23114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    51857                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    28345                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    52074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   33533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   52234                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   34089                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   42288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   34026                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   42168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                   23012                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   42612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                   22990                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   42644                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   23131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                   42591                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                   23163                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   52559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                   23174                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                   42104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                   23220                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   42404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                   23217                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                   52523                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                   23176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   42257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                   23252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                   52800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                   23284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                   52787                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                   23102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                   42439                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                   23262                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                   42307                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                   23173                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                   42303                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                   23154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                   42061                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                   23094                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                   42205                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                   23219                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                   42226                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                   23148                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                   42458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                   23053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                   42528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                   23149                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                   42331                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                   23110                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                   42023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                   23175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                   42257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                   23274                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                   42685                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                45152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                45152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               54176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               54176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               54176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses               90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses               90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 5527748                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139770915463341                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139770908697817                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                12078405                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 5340642                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                43175292                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               399393891                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               406319691                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               399515574                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               406349799                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              399683424                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              406354793                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              399708963                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              406105278                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              399682761                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              406127979                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              399384876                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              406137494                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles              399374694                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              406106752                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              399382439                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles              406091551                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              399381439                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              406390777                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles              399387287                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles              406148549                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles              399389839                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles              406187343                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles              399402593                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles              406395500                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles              399410976                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles              406217306                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles              399481366                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles              406480296                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles              399479411                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles              406451356                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles              399450342                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles              406182990                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles              399475058                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles              406194620                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles              399458404                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles              406184372                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles              399496990                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles              406168899                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles              399489161                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles              406181903                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles              399494585                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles              406147666                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles              399490728                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles              406189448                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles              399480993                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles              406276266                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles              399482467                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles              406180204                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles              399482049                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles              406179509                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles              399546977                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles              406236772                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles              399555341                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles              406299812                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   25952                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   71072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   71072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   25952                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   71072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  31136                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  71071                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  31136                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  31136                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  71072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                  71072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                  71052                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                  71072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                  56857                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 23040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 19201                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 23040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 23040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                 19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                 19220                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                 19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                 15367                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                10954                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                22227                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 8632                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                22180                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 8627                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                27980                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 8525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                28240                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                10818                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                27961                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               13073                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               27807                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12926                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               22187                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               12986                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               22078                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                8796                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               22044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                8670                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               22106                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                8589                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               22177                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                8691                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               27968                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                8727                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits               22143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                8592                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               22014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                8561                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits               27896                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                8654                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               21903                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                8674                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits               27839                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                8644                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits               27874                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits                8573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits               22047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits                8604                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits               22126                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                8623                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits               22130                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                8454                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits               22089                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits                8660                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits               21998                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits                8559                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits               22235                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits                8624                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits               22270                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits                8724                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits               22064                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                8615                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits               22249                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                8572                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits               22210                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits                8542                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits               21996                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits                8486                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits               21837                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              14998                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              34637                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              12136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              34684                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              12141                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              43092                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              12243                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              42832                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              15134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses              43111                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             18063                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             43264                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             18210                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses             34677                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             18150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             34786                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses             11972                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses             34820                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses             12098                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses             34758                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses             12179                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses             34687                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses             12077                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses             43104                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses             12041                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses             34721                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses             12176                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses             34850                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses             12207                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses             43176                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses             12114                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses             34961                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses             12094                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses             43213                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses             12124                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses             43198                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses             12195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses             34817                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses             12164                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses             34731                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses             12145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses             34734                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses             12314                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses             34775                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses             12108                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses             34866                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses             12209                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses             34629                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses             12144                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses             34594                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses             12044                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses             34800                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses             12153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses             34615                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses             12196                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses             34654                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses             12226                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses             34868                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses             12282                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses             35027                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                7675                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                5730                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                5507                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                5687                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                5520                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                7647                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                5523                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                7836                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                7778                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                7871                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              10071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               7919                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               9603                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               5725                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               9668                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               5814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               5490                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               5680                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5542                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               5655                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               5579                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               5668                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               5554                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               7662                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               5519                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               5808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               5571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               5756                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               5465                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               7682                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               5438                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               5881                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               5558                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               7640                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               5551                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits               7586                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               5562                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               5750                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               5499                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               5843                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits               5453                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits               5709                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               5523                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits               5684                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits               5444                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits               5782                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits               5453                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits               5751                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits               5480                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits               5656                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits               5584                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits               5675                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               5430                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits               5654                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits               5507                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits               5818                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits               5451                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               5792                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits               5506                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits               5750                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             11525                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              9630                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              9853                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              9673                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              9840                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             11553                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              9837                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             11364                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             11422                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             11329                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            12969                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            11282                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            13437                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             9635                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            13372                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             9546                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses             9870                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses             9680                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses             9818                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             9705                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses             9781                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses             9692                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses             9806                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses            11538                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses             9841                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses             9552                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses             9789                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             9604                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses             9895                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses            11518                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses             9922                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             9479                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses             9802                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses            11580                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses             9809                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses            11614                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses             9798                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses             9610                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses             9861                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses             9524                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses             9907                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses             9651                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses             9837                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses             9676                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses             9916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses             9578                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses             9907                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses             9609                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses             9880                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses             9704                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses             9776                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses             9685                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses             9930                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses             9706                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses             9853                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses             9542                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses             9909                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses             9568                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses             9854                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses             9610                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                5783282                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               12390942                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                5530328                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               12390583                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                5536923                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               12733970                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                5584591                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               12729839                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                5756211                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles               12726798                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               5989407                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles              12739541                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               5994855                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles              12370033                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               5995007                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles              12403082                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               5586733                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles              12371375                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               5585342                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles              12361649                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               5576100                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles              12361623                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               5581444                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles              12739929                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               5585871                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles              12428500                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               5580366                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles              12433803                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               5587231                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles              12727283                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles               5592419                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles              12365109                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               5606205                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles              12743636                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles               5606217                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles              12733842                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               5581616                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles              12375060                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               5588431                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles              12355726                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles               5582987                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles              12366160                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles               5605874                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles              12353697                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles               5594903                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles              12349985                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles               5603920                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles              12340353                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles               5609512                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles              12407727                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles               5612993                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles              12436595                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles               5605861                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles              12380815                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles               5604747                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles              12352502                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles               5604592                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles              12342901                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles               5610740                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles              12405783                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      40                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                      96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      40                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               5447632                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              12033368                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               5242457                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              12029311                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               5252752                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles              12341690                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               5294968                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles              12354915                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               5451714                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles              12329299                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              5585672                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles             12330913                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              5598652                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles             11967341                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              5666663                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles             12028410                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              5243588                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles             11990845                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              5247505                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles             11949073                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              5239598                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles             11943161                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              5235317                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles             12322510                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles              5236218                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles             12104655                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              5241629                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles             12083159                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              5237475                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles             12264761                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles              5238805                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles             11946318                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              5277896                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles             12284856                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles              5268677                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles             12241586                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              5241264                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles             11956255                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              5240023                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles             11933943                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles              5236801                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles             11935381                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles              5260226                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles             11924538                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles              5248464                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles             11926105                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles              5256332                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles             11923698                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles              5251282                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles             12030979                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles              5297495                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles             12066270                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles              5252080                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles             11961425                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles              5266805                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles             11933932                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles              5260217                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles             11923296                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles              5266415                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles             12033532                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             688473                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            1253480                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            1254094                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             692106                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            1256736                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            845640                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           1252667                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            847177                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            823557                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles           1248602                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles           1248214                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles           1250984                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles           1247904                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2649300                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2885580                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2524776                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2880381                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2514530                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2962431                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2542769                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2918167                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2641635                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2970462                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2800409                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3048262                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2831119                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2895251                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2791223                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2905844                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             2715277                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             2838062                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2640157                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             2967427                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             2691652                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2923511                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             2675353                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             2935803                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles             2732015                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles             2941769                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             2738199                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             2878042                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles             2730414                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles             3075007                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles             2726051                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles             2948226                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles             2713841                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles             3033540                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles             2709524                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles             3067494                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles             2705809                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles             2974528                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles             2698856                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles             2945472                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles             2712526                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles             2963239                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles             2763193                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles             2973069                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles             2747476                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles             2934385                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles             2728363                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles             2988148                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles             2750079                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles             2936129                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles             2675422                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles             2875467                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles             2753750                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles             2924004                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles             2713184                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles             2908027                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles             2746518                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles             2958471                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles             2755912                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles             2843569                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          5447632                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         12033368                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          5242457                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         12029311                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          5252752                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time         12341690                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          5294968                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time         12354915                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          5451714                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time         12329299                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         5585672                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time        12330913                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         5598652                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time        11967341                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         5666663                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time        12028410                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         5243588                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time        11990845                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         5247505                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time        11949073                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         5239598                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time        11943161                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         5235317                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time        12322510                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time         5236218                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time        12104655                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         5241629                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time        12083159                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         5237475                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time        12264761                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time         5238805                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time        11946318                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         5277896                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time        12284856                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time         5268677                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time        12241586                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         5241264                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time        11956255                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         5240023                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time        11933943                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time         5236801                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time        11935381                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time         5260226                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time        11924538                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time         5248464                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time        11926105                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time         5256332                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time        11923698                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time         5251282                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time        12030979                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time         5297495                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time        12066270                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time         5252080                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time        11961425                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time         5266805                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time        11933932                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time         5260217                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time        11923296                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time         5266415                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time        12033532                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        655465                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       1228905                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       1228905                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        655465                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       1228905                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       786549                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      1228908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       786549                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       786549                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time      1228905                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time      1228908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time      1228908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time      1228911                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2649300                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2885580                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2524776                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2880381                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2514530                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2962431                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2542769                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2918167                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2641635                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2955151                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2767872                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        3032411                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2799532                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2895251                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2791223                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2905844                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        2715277                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        2838062                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        2640157                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        2967427                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        2691652                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        2923511                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        2675353                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        2935803                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time        2732015                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time        2941769                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time        2738199                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time        2878042                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time        2730414                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time        3075007                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time        2726051                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time        2948226                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time        2713841                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time        3033540                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time        2709524                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time        3051858                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time        2705809                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time        2974528                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time        2698856                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time        2945472                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time        2712526                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time        2963239                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time        2763193                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time        2973069                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time        2747476                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time        2934385                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time        2728363                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time        2988148                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time        2750079                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time        2936129                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time        2675422                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time        2875467                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time        2753750                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time        2924004                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time        2713184                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time        2908027                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time        2746518                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time        2958471                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time        2755912                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time        2843569                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            5715021                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           12268050                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            5464780                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           12267691                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            5471375                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           12583840                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            5519043                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           12585718                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            5687391                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time           12585066                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           5906733                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time          12585926                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           5914862                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time          12247141                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           5910299                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time          12280190                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           5521185                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time          12248483                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           5519794                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time          12238757                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           5510552                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time          12238731                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           5515896                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time          12597322                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           5520323                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time          12305608                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           5514818                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time          12310911                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           5521683                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time          12579531                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time           5526871                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time          12242217                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           5540657                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time          12594612                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time           5540669                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time          12589815                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           5516068                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time          12252168                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           5522883                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time          12232834                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time           5517439                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time          12243268                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time           5540326                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time          12230805                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time           5529355                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time          12227093                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time           5538372                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time          12217461                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time           5543964                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time          12284835                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time           5547445                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time          12313703                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time           5540313                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time          12257923                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time           5539199                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time          12229610                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time           5539044                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time          12220009                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time           5545192                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time          12282891                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles           250494                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         228320376                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         228320372                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         228320378                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         228320374                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         228320383                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        228320379                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        228320395                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        228320391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        225273831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        228320400                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        225273827                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        228320396                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        225273823                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        228320392                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        225273829                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        228320398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        225273843                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        228320412                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        225273839                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        228320408                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        225273835                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        228320404                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        225273831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        228320400                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        225273840                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        228320409                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        225273846                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles        228320415                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles        225273852                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        228320421                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        225273848                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        228320418                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles        225273857                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles        228320426                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles        225273863                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles        228320432                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles        225273854                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles        228320423                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles        225273850                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles        228320419                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles        225273859                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles        228320428                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles        225273865                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles        228320434                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles        225273856                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles        228320425                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles        225273853                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles        228320422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles        225273861                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles        228320430                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles        225273857                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles        228320426                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         12424465                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15709896                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         12430185                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         15710019                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         12430365                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         15698997                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         12434895                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         15698915                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         12636401                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         12685653                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles        12607787                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15702281                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        12637863                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        15656712                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        12643582                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        15719370                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        12425388                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        15676226                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        12426334                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        15648835                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles        12420336                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15646223                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        12420219                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        16055547                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        12430275                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles        12390466                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        12424238                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        12386037                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        12404781                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        16045200                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles        12412847                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15652146                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        12434615                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        16062303                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        12422830                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles        16066945                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        12423096                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        15695243                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        12422713                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        15642894                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles        12423895                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles        15685952                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles        12433038                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles        15657693                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles        12434917                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles        15647918                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles        12433064                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles        15679254                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles        12441803                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles        15697354                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles        12448451                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles        15707131                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles        12438845                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles        15697016                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles        12433094                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles        15674841                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles        12418817                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles        15687584                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles        12434872                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles        15692614                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              3968                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              6451                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              3206                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              6423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              3235                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              8112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              3305                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              8238                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0              4121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0              8321                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0             4919                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0             8303                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0             4908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0             6548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0             4897                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0             6684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0             3231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0             6427                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0             3300                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0             6330                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0             3256                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0             6285                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0             3162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0             8048                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0             3150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0             6706                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0             3235                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0             6593                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0             3267                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0             8110                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0             3269                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0             6754                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0             3140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0             7946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0             3114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0             7939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0             3324                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0             6529                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0             3208                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0             6550                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0             3258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0             6571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0             3413                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0             6831                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0             3326                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0             6791                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0             3284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0             6557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0             3207                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0             6355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0             3219                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0             6468                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0             3271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0             6495                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0             3303                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0             6695                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0             3310                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0             6714                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0             3276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0             6577                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1695                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1066                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1189                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1747                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1937                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1868                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1916                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             2651                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1928                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             2253                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1201                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             2267                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             1294                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1089                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1697                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1077                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             1271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1081                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1083                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1743                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1310                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             1062                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1687                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1086                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1             1672                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             1209                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1054                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1241                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1             1074                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1             1220                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1             1107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1             1243                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1             1048                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1             1230                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1             1066                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1             1206                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1             1149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1             1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1             1132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1             1164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1             1093                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1             1149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1             1143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1             1296                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1             1101                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1             1257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1             1092                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1             1125                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2081                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              4067                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1678                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4070                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              1599                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              5181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1619                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              5401                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2628                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             5405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2345                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             4002                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2480                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             4129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             1640                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             3833                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1656                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             3802                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             1621                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             3826                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             5007                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             1518                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             4055                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             1601                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             5033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1646                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             4054                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             1604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2             4874                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             1525                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2             4847                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2             1639                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             3883                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2             1529                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             3945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2             1571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2             3953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2             1626                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2             4195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2             1696                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2             4143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2             1599                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2             4027                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2             1544                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2             3886                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2             1585                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2             3818                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2             1622                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2             4039                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2             1690                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2             4245                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2             1598                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2             4078                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2             1575                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2             3866                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         5084679                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles        11524763                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         4999057                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles        11555272                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         5007651                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles        11676389                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         5061443                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles        11718343                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         5118240                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles        11695899                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        5192709                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles       11713315                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        5182544                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles       11643152                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        5131708                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles       11560522                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles        5064055                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles       11622150                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles        5080111                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles       11623125                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles        5095018                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles       11589813                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles        5062715                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles       11747911                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles        5041859                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles       11584108                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles        5074474                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles       11622242                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles        5076251                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles       11762286                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles        5105409                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles       11631368                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles        5049043                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles       11741288                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles        5043851                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles       11731840                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles        5072793                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles       11592540                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles        5057101                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles       11630169                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles        5039255                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles       11596658                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles        5111608                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles       11603109                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles        5104696                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles       11609973                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles        5078861                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles       11542316                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles        5060324                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles       11574062                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles        5013624                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles       11604483                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles        5075133                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles       11548874                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles        5041763                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles       11592457                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles        5098533                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles       11633872                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles        5090627                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles       11588356                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      872839     25.21%     25.21% |      863648     24.94%     50.15% |      862945     24.92%     75.07% |      863020     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      3462452                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      358023     25.47%     25.47% |      349398     24.86%     50.33% |      349215     24.84%     75.17% |      348998     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1405634                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      872864     25.21%     25.21% |      863648     24.94%     50.15% |      862944     24.92%     75.08% |      863019     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3462475                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      363881     25.46%     25.46% |      355269     24.86%     50.32% |      355086     24.85%     75.17% |      354869     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1429105                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      506624     25.03%     25.03% |      506058     25.00%     50.03% |      505538     24.98%     75.01% |      505830     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      2024050                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      872839     25.21%     25.21% |      863648     24.94%     50.15% |      862945     24.92%     75.07% |      863020     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      3462452                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      357778     25.47%     25.47% |      349221     24.86%     50.33% |      349038     24.85%     75.17% |      348821     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1404858                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      506624     25.03%     25.03% |      506058     25.00%     50.03% |      505538     24.98%     75.01% |      505830     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      2024050                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      872839     25.21%     25.21% |      863648     24.94%     50.15% |      862944     24.92%     75.07% |      863019     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      3462450                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      357778     25.47%     25.47% |      349221     24.86%     50.33% |      349038     24.85%     75.17% |      348821     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1404858                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     7024217     73.89%     73.89% |          34      0.00%     73.89% |       82752      0.87%     74.76% |       77568      0.82%     75.58% |       91776      0.97%     76.54% |       91776      0.97%     77.51% |       96960      1.02%     78.53% |      102144      1.07%     79.60% |       87936      0.93%     80.53% |       87936      0.93%     81.45% |       77568      0.82%     82.27% |       77568      0.82%     83.08% |       77568      0.82%     83.90% |       91776      0.97%     84.86% |       77568      0.82%     85.68% |       77568      0.82%     86.50% |       91776      0.97%     87.46% |       77568      0.82%     88.28% |       91776      0.97%     89.24% |       91776      0.97%     90.21% |       77568      0.82%     91.02% |       77568      0.82%     91.84% |       77568      0.82%     92.66% |       77568      0.82%     93.47% |       77568      0.82%     94.29% |       77568      0.82%     95.10% |       77568      0.82%     95.92% |       77568      0.82%     96.74% |       77569      0.82%     97.55% |       77568      0.82%     98.37% |       77568      0.82%     99.18% |       77568      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9506428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10854106    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10854106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    19672322     95.24%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |       34560      0.17%     95.41% |       30720      0.15%     95.56% |       34560      0.17%     95.72% |       34560      0.17%     95.89% |       38403      0.19%     96.08% |       42246      0.20%     96.28% |       38402      0.19%     96.47% |       38400      0.19%     96.65% |       30720      0.15%     96.80% |       30720      0.15%     96.95% |       30720      0.15%     97.10% |       34560      0.17%     97.27% |       30720      0.15%     97.42% |       30720      0.15%     97.56% |       34560      0.17%     97.73% |       30720      0.15%     97.88% |       34560      0.17%     98.05% |       34569      0.17%     98.22% |       30720      0.15%     98.36% |       30720      0.15%     98.51% |       30720      0.15%     98.66% |       30720      0.15%     98.81% |       30720      0.15%     98.96% |       30720      0.15%     99.11% |       30720      0.15%     99.26% |       30720      0.15%     99.41% |       30720      0.15%     99.55% |       30720      0.15%     99.70% |       30720      0.15%     99.85% |       30720      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     20655382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       33980      4.40%      4.40% |          34      0.00%      4.40% |       22829      2.96%      7.36% |       25001      3.24%     10.59% |       26106      3.38%     13.97% |       25279      3.27%     17.25% |       26293      3.40%     20.65% |       26631      3.45%     24.10% |       24508      3.17%     27.27% |       22502      2.91%     30.18% |       23645      3.06%     33.24% |       26660      3.45%     36.70% |       26545      3.44%     40.13% |       25444      3.29%     43.43% |       25419      3.29%     46.72% |       24920      3.23%     49.94% |       23541      3.05%     52.99% |       21852      2.83%     55.82% |       22632      2.93%     58.75% |       24344      3.15%     61.90% |       23549      3.05%     64.95% |       25402      3.29%     68.24% |       25161      3.26%     71.49% |       23216      3.01%     74.50% |       24934      3.23%     77.73% |       21007      2.72%     80.45% |       23876      3.09%     83.54% |       24831      3.21%     86.75% |       26601      3.44%     90.20% |       25918      3.36%     93.55% |       26140      3.38%     96.93% |       23680      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       772480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1042893     22.72%     22.72% |           0      0.00%     22.72% |      120803      2.63%     25.35% |      108725      2.37%     27.71% |      132210      2.88%     30.59% |      132203      2.88%     33.47% |      144126      3.14%     36.61% |      156998      3.42%     40.03% |      132035      2.88%     42.91% |      132800      2.89%     45.80% |      108798      2.37%     48.17% |      108671      2.37%     50.54% |      108655      2.37%     52.90% |      132308      2.88%     55.79% |      109052      2.38%     58.16% |      108855      2.37%     60.53% |      132220      2.88%     63.41% |      108725      2.37%     65.78% |      132278      2.88%     68.66% |      132416      2.88%     71.54% |      108788      2.37%     73.91% |      108885      2.37%     76.29% |      108845      2.37%     78.66% |      108816      2.37%     81.03% |      108916      2.37%     83.40% |      109038      2.37%     85.77% |      108868      2.37%     88.15% |      108918      2.37%     90.52% |      108796      2.37%     92.89% |      108793      2.37%     95.26% |      108650      2.37%     97.62% |      109119      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4591203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           4     16.67%     33.33% |           4     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |          12     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        1800      2.56%      2.57% |        2767      3.93%      6.50% |        3219      4.58%     11.08% |        2341      3.33%     14.41% |        3215      4.57%     18.98% |        3195      4.54%     23.52% |        2089      2.97%     26.49% |        2129      3.03%     29.52% |        2405      3.42%     32.94% |        2814      4.00%     36.94% |        3109      4.42%     41.36% |        2475      3.52%     44.88% |        2355      3.35%     48.23% |        2327      3.31%     51.54% |        3279      4.66%     56.20% |        2291      3.26%     59.46% |        1712      2.43%     61.89% |        2060      2.93%     64.82% |        1917      2.73%     67.55% |        2902      4.13%     71.68% |        1961      2.79%     74.46% |        1771      2.52%     76.98% |        2453      3.49%     80.47% |        2293      3.26%     83.73% |        1475      2.10%     85.83% |        1490      2.12%     87.95% |        2519      3.58%     91.53% |        2206      3.14%     94.67% |        2555      3.63%     98.30% |        1196      1.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        70325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      251178     10.35%     10.35% |          29      0.00%     10.35% |       74576      3.07%     13.43% |       68585      2.83%     16.25% |       83168      3.43%     19.68% |       81397      3.35%     23.04% |       84564      3.49%     26.52% |       89104      3.67%     30.19% |       74657      3.08%     33.27% |       79325      3.27%     36.54% |       70272      2.90%     39.44% |       66699      2.75%     42.19% |       67157      2.77%     44.95% |       79769      3.29%     48.24% |       67845      2.80%     51.04% |       67107      2.77%     53.80% |       79249      3.27%     57.07% |       68797      2.84%     59.90% |       83763      3.45%     63.36% |       78550      3.24%     66.59% |       67039      2.76%     69.36% |       67007      2.76%     72.12% |       65509      2.70%     74.82% |       67419      2.78%     77.60% |       65384      2.69%     80.29% |       68467      2.82%     83.11% |       70225      2.89%     86.01% |       68296      2.81%     88.82% |       66810      2.75%     91.58% |       66488      2.74%     94.32% |       67068      2.76%     97.08% |       70808      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2426311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        2876      4.09%      4.10% |        2074      2.95%      7.05% |        1208      1.72%      8.76% |        2259      3.21%     11.98% |        2185      3.11%     15.08% |        1902      2.70%     17.79% |        1827      2.60%     20.39% |        1223      1.74%     22.12% |        2469      3.51%     25.64% |        3356      4.77%     30.41% |        2384      3.39%     33.80% |        2862      4.07%     37.87% |        2695      3.83%     41.70% |        2717      3.86%     45.56% |        2543      3.62%     49.18% |        2573      3.66%     52.84% |        2141      3.04%     55.88% |        2481      3.53%     59.41% |        2452      3.49%     62.90% |        2346      3.34%     66.23% |        2031      2.89%     69.12% |        2592      3.69%     72.81% |        2661      3.78%     76.59% |        1975      2.81%     79.40% |        1815      2.58%     81.98% |        3066      4.36%     86.34% |        2425      3.45%     89.79% |        2885      4.10%     93.89% |        2140      3.04%     96.93% |        2157      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        70325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792487     39.41%     39.41% |           0      0.00%     39.41% |       39693      1.97%     41.38% |       37512      1.87%     43.25% |       41839      2.08%     45.33% |       42562      2.12%     47.44% |       48482      2.41%     49.86% |       53225      2.65%     52.50% |       49727      2.47%     54.97% |       45649      2.27%     57.24% |       35530      1.77%     59.01% |       38210      1.90%     60.91% |       38729      1.93%     62.84% |       43671      2.17%     65.01% |       37724      1.88%     66.88% |       38442      1.91%     68.80% |       44518      2.21%     71.01% |       36891      1.83%     72.84% |       40432      2.01%     74.86% |       45283      2.25%     77.11% |       38797      1.93%     79.04% |       38935      1.94%     80.97% |       40748      2.03%     83.00% |       38277      1.90%     84.90% |       40243      2.00%     86.90% |       37846      1.88%     88.79% |       36243      1.80%     90.59% |       36920      1.84%     92.42% |       39049      1.94%     94.37% |       38911      1.93%     96.30% |       39080      1.94%     98.24% |       35322      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2010977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      898114     25.09%     25.09% |           0      0.00%     25.09% |       93021      2.60%     27.69% |       82170      2.30%     29.98% |       98691      2.76%     32.74% |       99481      2.78%     35.52% |      106555      2.98%     38.49% |      114354      3.19%     41.69% |       98797      2.76%     44.45% |      101331      2.83%     47.28% |       83629      2.34%     49.61% |       80527      2.25%     51.86% |       80648      2.25%     54.11% |       98416      2.75%     56.86% |       81636      2.28%     59.14% |       81964      2.29%     61.43% |       99421      2.78%     64.21% |       85010      2.37%     66.59% |      101935      2.85%     69.43% |       99611      2.78%     72.21% |       83629      2.34%     74.55% |       81919      2.29%     76.84% |       82148      2.29%     79.13% |       84134      2.35%     81.48% |       82265      2.30%     83.78% |       85997      2.40%     86.18% |       83888      2.34%     88.53% |       82906      2.32%     90.84% |       80773      2.26%     93.10% |       81568      2.28%     95.38% |       81464      2.28%     97.65% |       84031      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3580033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      241145      8.86%      8.86% |          17      0.00%      8.86% |       82621      3.04%     11.90% |       77415      2.85%     14.74% |       91621      3.37%     18.11% |       91621      3.37%     21.48% |       96815      3.56%     25.04% |      102006      3.75%     28.79% |       87796      3.23%     32.01% |       87765      3.23%     35.24% |       77431      2.85%     38.08% |       77459      2.85%     40.93% |       77475      2.85%     43.78% |       91646      3.37%     47.15% |       77447      2.85%     49.99% |       77462      2.85%     52.84% |       91676      3.37%     56.21% |       77435      2.85%     59.05% |       91775      3.37%     62.43% |       91771      3.37%     65.80% |       77567      2.85%     68.65% |       77568      2.85%     71.50% |       77568      2.85%     74.35% |       77566      2.85%     77.20% |       77564      2.85%     80.05% |       77564      2.85%     82.90% |       77523      2.85%     85.75% |       77524      2.85%     88.60% |       77535      2.85%     91.45% |       77524      2.85%     94.30% |       77541      2.85%     97.15% |       77553      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2720996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122874    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      665010     40.38%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |       34352      2.09%     42.47% |       30599      1.86%     44.32% |       34442      2.09%     46.42% |       34446      2.09%     48.51% |       38279      2.32%     50.83% |       42096      2.56%     53.39% |       38275      2.32%     55.71% |       38284      2.32%     58.04% |       30720      1.87%     59.90% |       30720      1.87%     61.77% |       30720      1.87%     63.63% |       34560      2.10%     65.73% |       30720      1.87%     67.60% |       30720      1.87%     69.46% |       34560      2.10%     71.56% |       30720      1.87%     73.43% |       34476      2.09%     75.52% |       34538      2.10%     77.62% |       30720      1.87%     79.48% |       30720      1.87%     81.35% |       30720      1.87%     83.21% |       30720      1.87%     85.08% |       30720      1.87%     86.94% |       30720      1.87%     88.81% |       30720      1.87%     90.67% |       30720      1.87%     92.54% |       30720      1.87%     94.40% |       30720      1.87%     96.27% |       30720      1.87%     98.13% |       30720      1.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1646877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11159      4.40%      4.40% |           0      0.00%      4.40% |        6641      2.62%      7.02% |        7937      3.13%     10.15% |        7357      2.90%     13.05% |        8483      3.34%     16.39% |       10100      3.98%     20.38% |        9981      3.94%     24.31% |        9810      3.87%     28.18% |        6119      2.41%     30.59% |        6408      2.53%     33.12% |        8741      3.45%     36.56% |        8242      3.25%     39.81% |        8871      3.50%     43.31% |        7359      2.90%     46.21% |        7734      3.05%     49.26% |        9260      3.65%     52.91% |        6711      2.65%     55.56% |        6172      2.43%     57.99% |        9579      3.78%     61.77% |        7577      2.99%     64.76% |        8466      3.34%     68.09% |        9285      3.66%     71.76% |        7865      3.10%     74.86% |       10082      3.98%     78.83% |        7335      2.89%     81.72% |        6039      2.38%     84.10% |        7527      2.97%     87.07% |        9208      3.63%     90.70% |        9308      3.67%     94.37% |        8990      3.54%     97.92% |        5282      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       253628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       10725     88.60%     88.60% |          17      0.14%     88.74% |         107      0.88%     89.62% |          53      0.44%     90.06% |          53      0.44%     90.50% |          48      0.40%     90.90% |          38      0.31%     91.21% |          30      0.25%     91.46% |          32      0.26%     91.72% |          59      0.49%     92.21% |         120      0.99%     93.20% |          86      0.71%     93.91% |          75      0.62%     94.53% |          96      0.79%     95.32% |          97      0.80%     96.13% |          84      0.69%     96.82% |          74      0.61%     97.43% |         106      0.88%     98.31% |           1      0.01%     98.31% |           5      0.04%     98.36% |           1      0.01%     98.36% |           0      0.00%     98.36% |           0      0.00%     98.36% |           2      0.02%     98.38% |           4      0.03%     98.41% |           4      0.03%     98.45% |          40      0.33%     98.78% |          38      0.31%     99.09% |          29      0.24%     99.33% |          40      0.33%     99.66% |          27      0.22%     99.88% |          14      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        12105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3737    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         176     17.15%     17.15% |           0      0.00%     17.15% |          65      6.34%     23.49% |         104     10.14%     33.63% |          99      9.65%     43.27% |         103     10.04%     53.31% |          99      9.65%     62.96% |          99      9.65%     72.61% |         108     10.53%     83.14% |          89      8.67%     91.81% |           0      0.00%     91.81% |           0      0.00%     91.81% |           0      0.00%     91.81% |           0      0.00%     91.81% |           0      0.00%     91.81% |           0      0.00%     91.81% |           0      0.00%     91.81% |           0      0.00%     91.81% |          84      8.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         1026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        7419      1.52%      1.52% |           0      0.00%      1.52% |       15470      3.17%      4.68% |       16449      3.37%      8.05% |       18069      3.70%     11.75% |       16100      3.29%     15.04% |       15527      3.18%     18.22% |       16030      3.28%     21.50% |       14127      2.89%     24.39% |       15821      3.24%     27.63% |       16748      3.43%     31.06% |       17427      3.57%     34.62% |       17780      3.64%     38.26% |       16423      3.36%     41.62% |       17556      3.59%     45.21% |       16679      3.41%     48.63% |       14178      2.90%     51.53% |       14573      2.98%     54.51% |       16277      3.33%     57.84% |       14675      3.00%     60.85% |       15460      3.16%     64.01% |       16386      3.35%     67.36% |       15417      3.15%     70.52% |       14785      3.03%     73.54% |       14302      2.93%     76.47% |       13206      2.70%     79.17% |       17351      3.55%     82.72% |       16782      3.43%     86.16% |       16935      3.47%     89.62% |       16161      3.31%     92.93% |       16573      3.39%     96.32% |       17976      3.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       488662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     98.49%     98.49% |           0      0.00%     98.49% |           0      0.00%     98.49% |          27      0.11%     98.60% |          27      0.11%     98.71% |          28      0.11%     98.82% |          31      0.12%     98.94% |          32      0.13%     99.07% |          32      0.13%     99.19% |          32      0.13%     99.32% |          12      0.05%     99.37% |          23      0.09%     99.46% |          18      0.07%     99.53% |          24      0.09%     99.62% |          24      0.09%     99.72% |          22      0.09%     99.80% |          26      0.10%     99.91% |          24      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10727454    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10727454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4754      4.90%      4.90% |           5      0.01%      4.91% |        1971      2.03%      6.94% |        2740      2.82%      9.76% |        2915      3.00%     12.77% |        2630      2.71%     15.48% |        2968      3.06%     18.54% |        2902      2.99%     21.53% |        2600      2.68%     24.21% |        2218      2.29%     26.50% |        2398      2.47%     28.97% |        3916      4.04%     33.01% |        4214      4.34%     37.35% |        3549      3.66%     41.01% |        3572      3.68%     44.69% |        3725      3.84%     48.53% |        3553      3.66%     52.19% |        2959      3.05%     55.24% |        2140      2.21%     57.45% |        3724      3.84%     61.29% |        3740      3.86%     65.14% |        3969      4.09%     69.23% |        3757      3.87%     73.11% |        3053      3.15%     76.26% |        3397      3.50%     79.76% |        2783      2.87%     82.63% |        2301      2.37%     85.00% |        2678      2.76%     87.76% |        3178      3.28%     91.03% |        3180      3.28%     94.31% |        3325      3.43%     97.74% |        2192      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        97006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122472     30.19%     30.19% |           0      0.00%     30.19% |        7970      1.96%     32.16% |        8883      2.19%     34.35% |        8791      2.17%     36.51% |        9974      2.46%     38.97% |       12500      3.08%     42.05% |       13206      3.26%     45.31% |       12635      3.11%     48.42% |        8385      2.07%     50.49% |        7262      1.79%     52.28% |        9713      2.39%     54.68% |        9255      2.28%     56.96% |       10855      2.68%     59.63% |        8463      2.09%     61.72% |        9027      2.23%     63.94% |       12125      2.99%     66.93% |        8060      1.99%     68.92% |        7527      1.86%     70.78% |       11511      2.84%     73.61% |        8686      2.14%     75.75% |        9471      2.33%     78.09% |       10211      2.52%     80.61% |        8855      2.18%     82.79% |       11205      2.76%     85.55% |        8569      2.11%     87.66% |        6492      1.60%     89.26% |        8044      1.98%     91.25% |       10035      2.47%     93.72% |       10003      2.47%     96.19% |        9712      2.39%     98.58% |        5754      1.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       405651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3153874     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          24      0.00%     99.98% |          73      0.00%     99.98% |          75      0.00%     99.99% |          79      0.00%     99.99% |          76      0.00%     99.99% |          76      0.00%     99.99% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3154471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38460    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       17641      5.66%      5.66% |          29      0.01%      5.67% |       10102      3.24%      8.91% |       10273      3.30%     12.21% |       11297      3.63%     15.83% |       10175      3.27%     19.10% |        9074      2.91%     22.01% |        9421      3.02%     25.03% |        8005      2.57%     27.60% |        9663      3.10%     30.70% |       11678      3.75%     34.45% |       10461      3.36%     37.81% |       10453      3.35%     41.16% |        9767      3.13%     44.30% |       11148      3.58%     47.87% |       10257      3.29%     51.17% |        8029      2.58%     53.74% |        9220      2.96%     56.70% |       10562      3.39%     60.09% |        7975      2.56%     62.65% |        9178      2.95%     65.59% |        9113      2.92%     68.52% |        8663      2.78%     71.30% |        9050      2.90%     74.20% |        8210      2.63%     76.84% |        7447      2.39%     79.23% |       11705      3.76%     82.98% |       10838      3.48%     86.46% |       10220      3.28%     89.74% |        9831      3.15%     92.90% |        9966      3.20%     96.09% |       12171      3.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       311622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194891      9.72%      9.72% |           0      0.00%      9.72% |       62675      3.13%     12.85% |       55542      2.77%     15.62% |       68628      3.42%     19.04% |       68871      3.44%     22.48% |       72276      3.61%     26.09% |       76469      3.81%     29.90% |       64542      3.22%     33.12% |       67478      3.37%     36.49% |       56149      2.80%     39.29% |       53403      2.66%     41.95% |       53591      2.67%     44.63% |       67249      3.35%     47.98% |       54340      2.71%     50.69% |       54536      2.72%     53.41% |       67717      3.38%     56.79% |       57298      2.86%     59.65% |       71268      3.56%     63.20% |       68272      3.41%     66.61% |       55949      2.79%     69.40% |       55010      2.74%     72.15% |       54887      2.74%     74.88% |       56605      2.82%     77.71% |       54735      2.73%     80.44% |       58696      2.93%     83.37% |       57016      2.84%     86.21% |       55951      2.79%     89.00% |       54063      2.70%     91.70% |       54439      2.72%     94.42% |       54565      2.72%     97.14% |       57373      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2004484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1793      2.57%      2.57% |        2742      3.93%      6.50% |        3202      4.59%     11.08% |        2337      3.35%     14.43% |        3185      4.56%     18.99% |        3181      4.56%     23.55% |        2079      2.98%     26.52% |        2111      3.02%     29.55% |        2396      3.43%     32.98% |        2795      4.00%     36.98% |        3090      4.43%     41.41% |        2465      3.53%     44.94% |        2342      3.35%     48.29% |        2314      3.31%     51.61% |        3240      4.64%     56.25% |        2275      3.26%     59.51% |        1692      2.42%     61.93% |        2050      2.94%     64.86% |        1907      2.73%     67.60% |        2884      4.13%     71.73% |        1945      2.79%     74.51% |        1764      2.53%     77.04% |        2426      3.47%     80.51% |        2273      3.26%     83.77% |        1468      2.10%     85.87% |        1474      2.11%     87.98% |        2476      3.55%     91.53% |        2183      3.13%     94.65% |        2537      3.63%     98.29% |        1195      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        69821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3589263    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3589263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18965277    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18965600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         421      0.39%      0.39% |           0      0.00%      0.39% |        4064      3.74%      4.12% |        4015      3.69%      7.81% |        4477      4.12%     11.93% |        3939      3.62%     15.55% |        4094      3.76%     19.31% |        4271      3.93%     23.24% |        4046      3.72%     26.96% |        4441      4.08%     31.04% |        3127      2.87%     33.91% |        3502      3.22%     37.13% |        3622      3.33%     40.46% |        3204      2.95%     43.41% |        3294      3.03%     46.44% |        3168      2.91%     49.35% |        2669      2.45%     51.80% |        2938      2.70%     54.50% |        3717      3.42%     57.92% |        3001      2.76%     60.68% |        3006      2.76%     63.44% |        3811      3.50%     66.94% |        3413      3.14%     70.08% |        3191      2.93%     73.01% |        3190      2.93%     75.95% |        3401      3.13%     79.07% |        3779      3.47%     82.55% |        3715      3.41%     85.96% |        3943      3.62%     89.59% |        3549      3.26%     92.85% |        3801      3.49%     96.34% |        3980      3.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total       108789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703223     44.63%     44.63% |           0      0.00%     44.63% |       30346      1.93%     46.56% |       26628      1.69%     48.25% |       30063      1.91%     50.16% |       30610      1.94%     52.10% |       34279      2.18%     54.28% |       37885      2.40%     56.68% |       34255      2.17%     58.85% |       33853      2.15%     61.00% |       27480      1.74%     62.75% |       27124      1.72%     64.47% |       27057      1.72%     66.19% |       31167      1.98%     68.16% |       27296      1.73%     69.90% |       27428      1.74%     71.64% |       31704      2.01%     73.65% |       27712      1.76%     75.41% |       30667      1.95%     77.36% |       31339      1.99%     79.34% |       27680      1.76%     81.10% |       26909      1.71%     82.81% |       27261      1.73%     84.54% |       27529      1.75%     86.29% |       27530      1.75%     88.03% |       27301      1.73%     89.77% |       26872      1.71%     91.47% |       26955      1.71%     93.18% |       26710      1.70%     94.88% |       27129      1.72%     96.60% |       26899      1.71%     98.31% |       26658      1.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1575549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           4     16.67%     33.33% |           4     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |          12     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      5.88%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           2      5.88%     11.76% |           4     11.76%     23.53% |           1      2.94%     26.47% |           2      5.88%     32.35% |           4     11.76%     44.12% |           0      0.00%     44.12% |           0      0.00%     44.12% |           2      5.88%     50.00% |           1      2.94%     52.94% |           2      5.88%     58.82% |           1      2.94%     61.76% |           3      8.82%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           3      8.82%     79.41% |           0      0.00%     79.41% |           1      2.94%     82.35% |           1      2.94%     85.29% |           2      5.88%     91.18% |           1      2.94%     94.12% |           1      2.94%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           1      2.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12258     16.30%     16.30% |           0      0.00%     16.30% |        2324      3.09%     19.39% |         711      0.95%     20.33% |        4769      6.34%     26.67% |        4863      6.47%     33.14% |        5975      7.94%     41.08% |        8385     11.15%     52.23% |        3208      4.27%     56.50% |        3606      4.79%     61.29% |         661      0.88%     62.17% |         488      0.65%     62.82% |         521      0.69%     63.51% |        4706      6.26%     69.77% |         740      0.98%     70.75% |         629      0.84%     71.59% |        4537      6.03%     77.62% |         595      0.79%     78.41% |        4574      6.08%     84.49% |        4687      6.23%     90.72% |         595      0.79%     91.51% |         554      0.74%     92.25% |         491      0.65%     92.90% |         609      0.81%     93.71% |         626      0.83%     94.55% |         685      0.91%     95.46% |         564      0.75%     96.21% |         570      0.76%     96.96% |         557      0.74%     97.71% |         484      0.64%     98.35% |         484      0.64%     98.99% |         758      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        75214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      251178     10.35%     10.35% |          29      0.00%     10.35% |       74576      3.07%     13.43% |       68585      2.83%     16.25% |       83168      3.43%     19.68% |       81396      3.35%     23.04% |       84562      3.49%     26.52% |       89104      3.67%     30.19% |       74657      3.08%     33.27% |       79323      3.27%     36.54% |       70272      2.90%     39.44% |       66699      2.75%     42.19% |       67157      2.77%     44.95% |       79768      3.29%     48.24% |       67844      2.80%     51.04% |       67107      2.77%     53.80% |       79247      3.27%     57.07% |       68797      2.84%     59.90% |       83760      3.45%     63.36% |       78550      3.24%     66.59% |       67038      2.76%     69.36% |       67007      2.76%     72.12% |       65508      2.70%     74.82% |       67419      2.78%     77.60% |       65384      2.69%     80.29% |       68467      2.82%     83.11% |       70225      2.89%     86.01% |       68296      2.81%     88.82% |       66810      2.75%     91.58% |       66488      2.74%     94.32% |       67067      2.76%     97.08% |       70808      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2426296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        2876      4.09%      4.10% |        2074      2.95%      7.05% |        1208      1.72%      8.76% |        2259      3.21%     11.98% |        2185      3.11%     15.08% |        1902      2.70%     17.79% |        1827      2.60%     20.39% |        1223      1.74%     22.12% |        2469      3.51%     25.64% |        3356      4.77%     30.41% |        2384      3.39%     33.80% |        2862      4.07%     37.87% |        2695      3.83%     41.70% |        2717      3.86%     45.56% |        2543      3.62%     49.18% |        2573      3.66%     52.84% |        2141      3.04%     55.88% |        2481      3.53%     59.41% |        2452      3.49%     62.90% |        2346      3.34%     66.23% |        2031      2.89%     69.12% |        2592      3.69%     72.81% |        2661      3.78%     76.59% |        1975      2.81%     79.40% |        1815      2.58%     81.98% |        3066      4.36%     86.34% |        2425      3.45%     89.79% |        2885      4.10%     93.89% |        2140      3.04%     96.93% |        2157      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        70325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127301     35.06%     35.06% |           0      0.00%     35.06% |        5276      1.45%     36.52% |        6807      1.87%     38.39% |        7298      2.01%     40.40% |        8012      2.21%     42.61% |       10102      2.78%     45.39% |       11029      3.04%     48.43% |       11342      3.12%     51.55% |        7274      2.00%     53.56% |        4810      1.32%     54.88% |        7490      2.06%     56.94% |        8007      2.21%     59.15% |        9111      2.51%     61.66% |        7003      1.93%     63.59% |        7721      2.13%     65.72% |        9957      2.74%     68.46% |        6171      1.70%     70.16% |        5872      1.62%     71.78% |       10745      2.96%     74.73% |        8077      2.22%     76.96% |        8214      2.26%     79.22% |       10027      2.76%     81.98% |        7556      2.08%     84.06% |        9522      2.62%     86.69% |        7126      1.96%     88.65% |        5523      1.52%     90.17% |        6200      1.71%     91.88% |        8329      2.29%     94.17% |        8191      2.26%     96.43% |        8360      2.30%     98.73% |        4602      1.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       363055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      6.32%      6.32% |           0      0.00%      6.32% |        2018      4.85%     11.16% |         512      1.23%     12.39% |        1890      4.54%     16.93% |        1785      4.29%     21.22% |        3569      8.57%     29.79% |        5023     12.06%     41.85% |        3268      7.85%     49.70% |        3657      8.78%     58.48% |         498      1.20%     59.67% |         516      1.24%     60.91% |         451      1.08%     62.00% |        1908      4.58%     66.58% |         657      1.58%     68.16% |         556      1.34%     69.49% |        1959      4.70%     74.19% |         487      1.17%     75.36% |        1965      4.72%     80.08% |        1932      4.64%     84.72% |         418      1.00%     85.73% |         555      1.33%     87.06% |         578      1.39%     88.45% |         433      1.04%     89.49% |         518      1.24%     90.73% |         581      1.40%     92.13% |         573      1.38%     93.50% |         616      1.48%     94.98% |         496      1.19%     96.17% |         577      1.39%     97.56% |         417      1.00%     98.56% |         600      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        41643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665186     40.37%     40.37% |           0      0.00%     40.37% |       34417      2.09%     42.45% |       30703      1.86%     44.32% |       34541      2.10%     46.41% |       34549      2.10%     48.51% |       38378      2.33%     50.84% |       42195      2.56%     53.40% |       38383      2.33%     55.73% |       38373      2.33%     58.06% |       30720      1.86%     59.92% |       30720      1.86%     61.79% |       30720      1.86%     63.65% |       34560      2.10%     65.75% |       30720      1.86%     67.61% |       30720      1.86%     69.48% |       34560      2.10%     71.57% |       30720      1.86%     73.44% |       34560      2.10%     75.53% |       34538      2.10%     77.63% |       30720      1.86%     79.49% |       30720      1.86%     81.36% |       30720      1.86%     83.22% |       30720      1.86%     85.09% |       30720      1.86%     86.95% |       30720      1.86%     88.81% |       30720      1.86%     90.68% |       30720      1.86%     92.54% |       30720      1.86%     94.41% |       30720      1.86%     96.27% |       30720      1.86%     98.14% |       30720      1.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1647903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           2     13.33%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     13.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      6.67%     40.00% |           1      6.67%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           2     13.33%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           3     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      6.67%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           1      6.67%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           1      5.26%     15.79% |           2     10.53%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           2     10.53%     42.11% |           2     10.53%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           2     10.53%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4222     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3381     99.41%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           3      0.09%     99.50% |           6      0.18%     99.68% |           2      0.06%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           9      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           5      0.36%      0.36% |           0      0.00%      0.36% |          51      3.66%      4.01% |          33      2.37%      6.38% |          60      4.30%     10.68% |          50      3.58%     14.27% |          52      3.73%     17.99% |          55      3.94%     21.94% |          45      3.23%     25.16% |          55      3.94%     29.10% |          34      2.44%     31.54% |          40      2.87%     34.41% |          12      0.86%     35.27% |          52      3.73%     39.00% |          44      3.15%     42.15% |          34      2.44%     44.59% |          27      1.94%     46.52% |          24      1.72%     48.24% |          38      2.72%     50.97% |          65      4.66%     55.63% |          47      3.37%     59.00% |          42      3.01%     62.01% |          40      2.87%     64.87% |          56      4.01%     68.89% |          54      3.87%     72.76% |          41      2.94%     75.70% |          52      3.73%     79.43% |          73      5.23%     84.66% |          52      3.73%     88.39% |          50      3.58%     91.97% |          57      4.09%     96.06% |          55      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total         1395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      1.40%      1.40% |          25      5.01%      6.41% |          17      3.41%      9.82% |           4      0.80%     10.62% |          30      6.01%     16.63% |          14      2.81%     19.44% |          10      2.00%     21.44% |          18      3.61%     25.05% |           9      1.80%     26.85% |          19      3.81%     30.66% |          19      3.81%     34.47% |          10      2.00%     36.47% |          13      2.61%     39.08% |          13      2.61%     41.68% |          39      7.82%     49.50% |          16      3.21%     52.71% |          20      4.01%     56.71% |          10      2.00%     58.72% |          10      2.00%     60.72% |          18      3.61%     64.33% |          16      3.21%     67.54% |           7      1.40%     68.94% |          27      5.41%     74.35% |          20      4.01%     78.36% |           7      1.40%     79.76% |          16      3.21%     82.97% |          43      8.62%     91.58% |          23      4.61%     96.19% |          18      3.61%     99.80% |           1      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      898109     25.10%     25.10% |           0      0.00%     25.10% |       92963      2.60%     27.70% |       82112      2.29%     29.99% |       98614      2.76%     32.75% |       99427      2.78%     35.53% |      106473      2.98%     38.50% |      114285      3.19%     41.70% |       98742      2.76%     44.46% |      101258      2.83%     47.29% |       83586      2.34%     49.62% |       80468      2.25%     51.87% |       80617      2.25%     54.12% |       98354      2.75%     56.87% |       81579      2.28%     59.15% |       81917      2.29%     61.44% |       99355      2.78%     64.22% |       84970      2.37%     66.59% |      101877      2.85%     69.44% |       99536      2.78%     72.22% |       83572      2.34%     74.56% |       81859      2.29%     76.85% |       82092      2.29%     79.14% |       84071      2.35%     81.49% |       82184      2.30%     83.79% |       85936      2.40%     86.19% |       83829      2.34%     88.53% |       82817      2.31%     90.85% |       80678      2.25%     93.10% |       81495      2.28%     95.38% |       81389      2.27%     97.65% |       83975      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3578139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           5      0.26%      0.26% |           0      0.00%      0.26% |          58      3.06%      3.33% |          58      3.06%      6.39% |          77      4.07%     10.45% |          54      2.85%     13.31% |          82      4.33%     17.63% |          69      3.64%     21.28% |          55      2.90%     24.18% |          73      3.85%     28.04% |          43      2.27%     30.31% |          59      3.12%     33.42% |          31      1.64%     35.06% |          62      3.27%     38.33% |          57      3.01%     41.34% |          47      2.48%     43.82% |          66      3.48%     47.31% |          40      2.11%     49.42% |          58      3.06%     52.48% |          75      3.96%     56.44% |          57      3.01%     59.45% |          60      3.17%     62.62% |          56      2.96%     65.58% |          63      3.33%     68.90% |          81      4.28%     73.18% |          61      3.22%     76.40% |          59      3.12%     79.51% |          89      4.70%     84.21% |          95      5.02%     89.23% |          73      3.85%     93.08% |          75      3.96%     97.04% |          56      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         1894                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3921      3.09%      3.09% |        3796      2.99%      6.08% |        3525      2.78%      8.86% |        3538      2.79%     11.65% |        3622      2.86%     14.51% |        4090      3.22%     17.73% |        3811      3.00%     20.73% |        3376      2.66%     23.39% |        3695      2.91%     26.31% |        5225      4.12%     30.43% |        4051      3.19%     33.62% |        3865      3.05%     36.67% |        3782      2.98%     39.65% |        4419      3.48%     43.13% |        3940      3.11%     46.24% |        3832      3.02%     49.26% |        4255      3.35%     52.61% |        4227      3.33%     55.94% |        3700      2.92%     58.86% |        3350      2.64%     61.50% |        3129      2.47%     63.97% |        3783      2.98%     66.95% |        3578      2.82%     69.77% |        3428      2.70%     72.47% |        3685      2.90%     75.38% |        3835      3.02%     78.40% |        3312      2.61%     81.01% |        4757      3.75%     84.76% |        4044      3.19%     87.95% |        5432      4.28%     92.23% |        5263      4.15%     96.38% |        4597      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126863                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      159557      5.82%      5.82% |       83447      3.05%      8.87% |       82146      3.00%     11.87% |       83286      3.04%     14.91% |       82510      3.01%     17.92% |       82393      3.01%     20.93% |       81850      2.99%     23.91% |       81805      2.99%     26.90% |       82096      3.00%     29.90% |       82368      3.01%     32.90% |       84368      3.08%     35.98% |       83573      3.05%     39.03% |       82606      3.01%     42.05% |       82454      3.01%     45.06% |       81772      2.98%     48.04% |       81824      2.99%     51.03% |       82792      3.02%     54.05% |       82250      3.00%     57.05% |       82602      3.01%     60.07% |       82839      3.02%     63.09% |       83001      3.03%     66.12% |       91546      3.34%     69.46% |       89530      3.27%     72.73% |       82122      3.00%     75.72% |       82152      3.00%     78.72% |       82816      3.02%     81.75% |       82031      2.99%     84.74% |       81903      2.99%     87.73% |       82667      3.02%     90.75% |       82006      2.99%     93.74% |       82823      3.02%     96.76% |       88725      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2739860                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64911      3.94%      3.94% |       50756      3.08%      7.02% |       50727      3.08%     10.09% |       51736      3.14%     13.23% |       50494      3.06%     16.29% |       50281      3.05%     19.34% |       50559      3.07%     22.41% |       50052      3.04%     25.45% |       50257      3.05%     28.49% |       50598      3.07%     31.56% |       50708      3.08%     34.64% |       50229      3.05%     37.69% |       50103      3.04%     40.72% |       50643      3.07%     43.80% |       49992      3.03%     46.83% |       50058      3.04%     49.87% |       50145      3.04%     52.91% |       50613      3.07%     55.98% |       50595      3.07%     59.05% |       50575      3.07%     62.11% |       50923      3.09%     65.20% |       57111      3.46%     68.67% |       52180      3.17%     71.83% |       50393      3.06%     74.89% |       50817      3.08%     77.97% |       50419      3.06%     81.03% |       50766      3.08%     84.11% |       50744      3.08%     87.19% |       51288      3.11%     90.30% |       51063      3.10%     93.39% |       53791      3.26%     96.66% |       55125      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1648652                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      199318      5.57%      5.57% |      109185      3.05%      8.62% |      108030      3.02%     11.64% |      110085      3.08%     14.71% |      108018      3.02%     17.73% |      107081      2.99%     20.72% |      107147      2.99%     23.72% |      106393      2.97%     26.69% |      106931      2.99%     29.68% |      107490      3.00%     32.68% |      109517      3.06%     35.74% |      108176      3.02%     38.76% |      106991      2.99%     41.75% |      107379      3.00%     44.75% |      106300      2.97%     47.72% |      106364      2.97%     50.69% |      107577      3.01%     53.70% |      107485      3.00%     56.70% |      107966      3.02%     59.71% |      107934      3.02%     62.73% |      108347      3.03%     65.76% |      122962      3.44%     69.19% |      116507      3.25%     72.45% |      107438      3.00%     75.45% |      108053      3.02%     78.47% |      108322      3.03%     81.49% |      108005      3.02%     84.51% |      107632      3.01%     87.52% |      108930      3.04%     90.56% |      107871      3.01%     93.58% |      111452      3.11%     96.69% |      118517      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      3579403                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |         101      4.13%      4.13% |         106      4.33%      8.46% |         117      4.78%     13.24% |          60      2.45%     15.69% |          88      3.59%     19.28% |         108      4.41%     23.69% |         111      4.53%     28.23% |          88      3.59%     31.82% |          71      2.90%     34.72% |          65      2.66%     37.38% |          69      2.82%     40.20% |          63      2.57%     42.77% |          98      4.00%     46.77% |          82      3.35%     50.12% |          61      2.49%     52.61% |          73      2.98%     55.60% |          89      3.64%     59.23% |          58      2.37%     61.60% |          62      2.53%     64.13% |          79      3.23%     67.36% |          69      2.82%     70.18% |          54      2.21%     72.39% |          93      3.80%     76.18% |          56      2.29%     78.47% |          69      2.82%     81.29% |          64      2.61%     83.91% |          73      2.98%     86.89% |          57      2.33%     89.22% |          56      2.29%     91.50% |          90      3.68%     95.18% |          72      2.94%     98.12% |          46      1.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total         2448                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       49618      3.77%      3.77% |       40977      3.11%      6.88% |       40983      3.11%      9.99% |       40872      3.10%     13.10% |       40810      3.10%     16.19% |       40711      3.09%     19.29% |       40748      3.09%     22.38% |       40702      3.09%     25.47% |       40817      3.10%     28.57% |       40862      3.10%     31.67% |       40895      3.11%     34.78% |       40891      3.11%     37.88% |       40912      3.11%     40.99% |       40917      3.11%     44.10% |       40941      3.11%     47.21% |       40914      3.11%     50.31% |       41001      3.11%     53.43% |       40961      3.11%     56.54% |       40868      3.10%     59.64% |       40833      3.10%     62.74% |       40793      3.10%     65.84% |       40693      3.09%     68.93% |       40780      3.10%     72.03% |       40749      3.09%     75.12% |       40874      3.10%     78.22% |       40901      3.11%     81.33% |       40923      3.11%     84.44% |       40973      3.11%     87.55% |       41018      3.11%     90.66% |       40925      3.11%     93.77% |       41053      3.12%     96.89% |       40967      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1316882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       66396      3.14%      3.14% |       66139      3.13%      6.28% |       65948      3.12%      9.40% |       65818      3.12%     12.51% |       65763      3.11%     15.63% |       65627      3.11%     18.74% |       65635      3.11%     21.84% |       65870      3.12%     24.96% |       66176      3.13%     28.09% |       66144      3.13%     31.23% |       66088      3.13%     34.36% |       66040      3.13%     37.48% |       66144      3.13%     40.61% |       65943      3.12%     43.74% |       65869      3.12%     46.86% |       65973      3.12%     49.98% |       66063      3.13%     53.11% |       66125      3.13%     56.24% |       65960      3.12%     59.36% |       66001      3.13%     62.49% |       65985      3.12%     65.61% |       66141      3.13%     68.74% |       65829      3.12%     71.86% |       65797      3.12%     74.97% |       65913      3.12%     78.10% |       65990      3.12%     81.22% |       65955      3.12%     84.34% |       65997      3.12%     87.47% |       66119      3.13%     90.60% |       66223      3.14%     93.73% |       66101      3.13%     96.86% |       66254      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      2112026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |      117127      3.38%      3.38% |      108163      3.12%      6.51% |      107977      3.12%      9.63% |      107737      3.11%     12.74% |      107619      3.11%     15.84% |      107384      3.10%     18.95% |      107429      3.10%     22.05% |      107618      3.11%     25.16% |      108039      3.12%     28.28% |      108052      3.12%     31.40% |      108030      3.12%     34.52% |      107977      3.12%     37.64% |      108103      3.12%     40.76% |      107906      3.12%     43.88% |      107856      3.12%     46.99% |      107933      3.12%     50.11% |      108111      3.12%     53.23% |      108132      3.12%     56.35% |      107874      3.12%     59.47% |      107880      3.12%     62.58% |      107824      3.11%     65.70% |      107880      3.12%     68.81% |      107654      3.11%     71.92% |      107592      3.11%     75.03% |      107833      3.11%     78.14% |      107937      3.12%     81.26% |      107924      3.12%     84.38% |      108015      3.12%     87.50% |      108183      3.12%     90.62% |      108194      3.12%     93.75% |      108200      3.12%     96.87% |      108267      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      3462450                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |      116103      3.39%      3.39% |      107139      3.12%      6.51% |      106953      3.12%      9.63% |      106713      3.11%     12.74% |      106595      3.11%     15.85% |      106360      3.10%     18.95% |      106405      3.10%     22.05% |      106594      3.11%     25.16% |      107015      3.12%     28.28% |      107028      3.12%     31.40% |      107006      3.12%     34.52% |      106953      3.12%     37.64% |      107079      3.12%     40.76% |      106882      3.12%     43.88% |      106832      3.11%     46.99% |      106909      3.12%     50.11% |      107087      3.12%     53.23% |      107108      3.12%     56.35% |      106850      3.12%     59.47% |      106856      3.12%     62.59% |      106800      3.11%     65.70% |      106856      3.12%     68.81% |      106630      3.11%     71.92% |      106568      3.11%     75.03% |      106809      3.11%     78.15% |      106913      3.12%     81.26% |      106900      3.12%     84.38% |      106991      3.12%     87.50% |      107159      3.12%     90.62% |      107170      3.12%     93.75% |      107176      3.12%     96.87% |      107243      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      3429682                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        3402      3.12%      3.12% |        3385      3.10%      6.22% |        3291      3.02%      9.24% |        3331      3.05%     12.29% |        3286      3.01%     15.30% |        3349      3.07%     18.37% |        3308      3.03%     21.40% |        3351      3.07%     24.47% |        3318      3.04%     27.51% |        3371      3.09%     30.60% |        3323      3.05%     33.65% |        3397      3.11%     36.76% |        3407      3.12%     39.89% |        3455      3.17%     43.05% |        3442      3.15%     46.21% |        3497      3.21%     49.41% |        3426      3.14%     52.55% |        3433      3.15%     55.70% |        3422      3.14%     58.84% |        3482      3.19%     62.03% |        3533      3.24%     65.26% |        3603      3.30%     68.57% |        3448      3.16%     71.73% |        3452      3.16%     74.89% |        3377      3.10%     77.99% |        3428      3.14%     81.13% |        3400      3.12%     84.24% |        3455      3.17%     87.41% |        3415      3.13%     90.54% |        3490      3.20%     93.74% |        3398      3.11%     96.85% |        3433      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       109108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        2393      3.35%      3.35% |        2438      3.41%      6.77% |        2548      3.57%     10.33% |        2656      3.72%     14.05% |        2729      3.82%     17.88% |        2611      3.66%     21.53% |        2610      3.66%     25.19% |        2368      3.32%     28.51% |        2152      3.01%     31.52% |        2001      2.80%     34.32% |        2279      3.19%     37.51% |        2316      3.24%     40.76% |        2333      3.27%     44.02% |        2277      3.19%     47.21% |        2359      3.30%     50.52% |        2139      3.00%     53.51% |        2020      2.83%     56.34% |        1862      2.61%     58.95% |        1966      2.75%     61.70% |        2035      2.85%     64.55% |        2130      2.98%     67.54% |        1863      2.61%     70.15% |        2080      2.91%     73.06% |        1944      2.72%     75.78% |        2085      2.92%     78.70% |        2114      2.96%     81.66% |        2067      2.89%     84.56% |        2127      2.98%     87.54% |        2288      3.20%     90.74% |        2207      3.09%     93.83% |        2226      3.12%     96.95% |        2178      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        71401                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        5643      3.23%      3.23% |        5537      3.16%      6.39% |        5556      3.18%      9.57% |        5551      3.17%     12.74% |        5577      3.19%     15.93% |        5539      3.17%     19.09% |        5650      3.23%     22.32% |        5608      3.21%     25.53% |        5609      3.21%     28.73% |        5521      3.16%     31.89% |        5513      3.15%     35.04% |        5445      3.11%     38.15% |        5416      3.10%     41.25% |        5324      3.04%     44.29% |        5330      3.05%     47.34% |        5315      3.04%     50.37% |        5351      3.06%     53.43% |        5355      3.06%     56.49% |        5368      3.07%     59.56% |        5400      3.09%     62.65% |        5388      3.08%     65.73% |        5295      3.03%     68.76% |        5292      3.02%     71.78% |        5322      3.04%     74.82% |        5419      3.10%     77.92% |        5374      3.07%     80.99% |        5445      3.11%     84.10% |        5506      3.15%     87.25% |        5542      3.17%     90.42% |        5514      3.15%     93.57% |        5641      3.22%     96.79% |        5610      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total       174956                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |       15218      3.12%      3.12% |       15085      3.10%      6.22% |       15010      3.08%      9.30% |       14998      3.08%     12.38% |       15206      3.12%     15.50% |       15233      3.13%     18.62% |       15342      3.15%     21.77% |       15398      3.16%     24.93% |       15449      3.17%     28.10% |       15300      3.14%     31.24% |       15429      3.17%     34.40% |       15402      3.16%     37.57% |       15590      3.20%     40.76% |       15443      3.17%     43.93% |       15348      3.15%     47.08% |       15268      3.13%     50.22% |       15296      3.14%     53.35% |       15232      3.13%     56.48% |       15156      3.11%     59.59% |       15187      3.12%     62.71% |       15116      3.10%     65.81% |       15271      3.13%     68.94% |       15117      3.10%     72.04% |       15049      3.09%     75.13% |       15117      3.10%     78.23% |       15067      3.09%     81.32% |       14980      3.07%     84.40% |       15008      3.08%     87.48% |       15153      3.11%     90.59% |       15261      3.13%     93.72% |       15313      3.14%     96.86% |       15298      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       487340                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        2346      3.34%      3.34% |        2392      3.40%      6.74% |        2495      3.55%     10.29% |        2624      3.73%     14.02% |        2691      3.83%     17.84% |        2566      3.65%     21.49% |        2560      3.64%     25.13% |        2331      3.31%     28.45% |        2124      3.02%     31.47% |        1976      2.81%     34.28% |        2246      3.19%     37.47% |        2286      3.25%     40.72% |        2294      3.26%     43.98% |        2243      3.19%     47.17% |        2331      3.31%     50.49% |        2107      3.00%     53.48% |        1979      2.81%     56.30% |        1838      2.61%     58.91% |        1937      2.75%     61.67% |        2003      2.85%     64.51% |        2099      2.98%     67.50% |        1843      2.62%     70.12% |        2036      2.90%     73.01% |        1922      2.73%     75.75% |        2055      2.92%     78.67% |        2086      2.97%     81.64% |        2037      2.90%     84.53% |        2102      2.99%     87.52% |        2261      3.22%     90.74% |        2165      3.08%     93.81% |        2192      3.12%     96.93% |        2158      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        70325                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      214849      5.27%      5.27% |      124733      3.06%      8.33% |      123583      3.03%     11.37% |      125736      3.09%     14.45% |      123817      3.04%     17.49% |      122896      3.02%     20.51% |      122854      3.02%     23.53% |      122016      2.99%     26.52% |      122293      3.00%     29.52% |      122746      3.01%     32.53% |      125085      3.07%     35.60% |      123894      3.04%     38.65% |      122795      3.01%     41.66% |      123218      3.02%     44.68% |      122043      3.00%     47.68% |      121968      2.99%     50.67% |      122911      3.02%     53.69% |      122652      3.01%     56.70% |      123065      3.02%     59.72% |      123259      3.03%     62.75% |      123727      3.04%     65.78% |      138405      3.40%     69.18% |      131856      3.24%     72.42% |      122639      3.01%     75.43% |      123222      3.02%     78.45% |      123572      3.03%     81.48% |      123086      3.02%     84.50% |      122874      3.02%     87.52% |      124384      3.05%     90.57% |      123345      3.03%     93.60% |      126797      3.11%     96.71% |      133912      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4074232                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         508      3.19%      3.19% |         451      2.83%      6.02% |         454      2.85%      8.87% |         449      2.82%     11.69% |         475      2.98%     14.67% |         431      2.71%     17.38% |         469      2.94%     20.32% |         492      3.09%     23.41% |         525      3.30%     26.70% |         455      2.86%     29.56% |         485      3.04%     32.61% |         495      3.11%     35.71% |         608      3.82%     39.53% |         519      3.26%     42.79% |         501      3.15%     45.93% |         508      3.19%     49.12% |         511      3.21%     52.33% |         531      3.33%     55.66% |         521      3.27%     58.93% |         481      3.02%     61.95% |         466      2.93%     64.88% |         505      3.17%     68.05% |         474      2.98%     71.02% |         454      2.85%     73.87% |         515      3.23%     77.11% |         560      3.52%     80.62% |         503      3.16%     83.78% |         460      2.89%     86.67% |         460      2.89%     89.55% |         568      3.57%     93.12% |         556      3.49%     96.61% |         540      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15930                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       72616      3.55%      3.55% |       63736      3.12%      6.67% |       63628      3.11%      9.79% |       63508      3.11%     12.90% |       63436      3.11%     16.00% |       63342      3.10%     19.10% |       63374      3.10%     22.21% |       63559      3.11%     25.32% |       63830      3.12%     28.44% |       63810      3.12%     31.57% |       63760      3.12%     34.69% |       63612      3.11%     37.80% |       63544      3.11%     40.91% |       63402      3.10%     44.02% |       63365      3.10%     47.12% |       63415      3.10%     50.22% |       63590      3.11%     53.34% |       63583      3.11%     56.45% |       63476      3.11%     59.56% |       63570      3.11%     62.67% |       63438      3.11%     65.77% |       63562      3.11%     68.88% |       63439      3.11%     71.99% |       63423      3.10%     75.10% |       63512      3.11%     78.20% |       63515      3.11%     81.31% |       63508      3.11%     84.42% |       63592      3.11%     87.54% |       63677      3.12%     90.65% |       63622      3.11%     93.77% |       63583      3.11%     96.88% |       63737      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      2042764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       44003      3.13%      3.13% |       43976      3.13%      6.27% |       43895      3.13%      9.39% |       43780      3.12%     12.51% |       43708      3.11%     15.63% |       43611      3.11%     18.73% |       43586      3.10%     21.84% |       43567      3.10%     24.94% |       43684      3.11%     28.05% |       43787      3.12%     31.17% |       43785      3.12%     34.29% |       43870      3.13%     37.42% |       43951      3.13%     40.55% |       43985      3.13%     43.68% |       43990      3.13%     46.82% |       44010      3.14%     49.95% |       44010      3.14%     53.09% |       44018      3.14%     56.22% |       43877      3.13%     59.35% |       43829      3.12%     62.47% |       43920      3.13%     65.60% |       43813      3.12%     68.72% |       43742      3.12%     71.84% |       43715      3.11%     74.95% |       43806      3.12%     78.07% |       43862      3.12%     81.19% |       43913      3.13%     84.32% |       43964      3.13%     87.46% |       44046      3.14%     90.59% |       44004      3.13%     93.73% |       44061      3.14%     96.87% |       43990      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1403758                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          49      4.20%      4.20% |          50      4.28%      8.48% |          57      4.88%     13.36% |          27      2.31%     15.67% |          43      3.68%     19.35% |          52      4.45%     23.80% |          54      4.62%     28.42% |          43      3.68%     32.11% |          34      2.91%     35.02% |          29      2.48%     37.50% |          34      2.91%     40.41% |          29      2.48%     42.89% |          45      3.85%     46.75% |          38      3.25%     50.00% |          27      2.31%     52.31% |          35      3.00%     55.31% |          45      3.85%     59.16% |          28      2.40%     61.56% |          31      2.65%     64.21% |          39      3.34%     67.55% |          33      2.83%     70.38% |          26      2.23%     72.60% |          44      3.77%     76.37% |          25      2.14%     78.51% |          31      2.65%     81.16% |          27      2.31%     83.48% |          37      3.17%     86.64% |          28      2.40%     89.04% |          28      2.40%     91.44% |          42      3.60%     95.03% |          35      3.00%     98.03% |          23      1.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total         1168                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1613      2.91%      2.91% |        1607      2.90%      5.82% |        1661      3.00%      8.82% |        1717      3.10%     11.92% |        1587      2.87%     14.79% |        2085      3.77%     18.56% |        1633      2.95%     21.51% |        1749      3.16%     24.67% |        1676      3.03%     27.70% |        1804      3.26%     30.96% |        1829      3.31%     34.27% |        1978      3.57%     37.84% |        1941      3.51%     41.35% |        2044      3.69%     45.04% |        1849      3.34%     48.38% |        1953      3.53%     51.91% |        1725      3.12%     55.03% |        1866      3.37%     58.40% |        1749      3.16%     61.56% |        1872      3.38%     64.95% |        1762      3.18%     68.13% |        1882      3.40%     71.53% |        1717      3.10%     74.63% |        1743      3.15%     77.78% |        1563      2.82%     80.61% |        1620      2.93%     83.54% |        1512      2.73%     86.27% |        1568      2.83%     89.10% |        1448      2.62%     91.72% |        1519      2.75%     94.46% |        1458      2.63%     97.10% |        1605      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        55335                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          13      2.71%      2.71% |           9      1.88%      4.58% |           8      1.67%      6.25% |          19      3.96%     10.21% |          11      2.29%     12.50% |          24      5.00%     17.50% |          32      6.67%     24.17% |          15      3.12%     27.29% |          20      4.17%     31.46% |           9      1.88%     33.33% |          20      4.17%     37.50% |          24      5.00%     42.50% |          22      4.58%     47.08% |          21      4.38%     51.46% |          38      7.92%     59.38% |          17      3.54%     62.92% |          18      3.75%     66.67% |           9      1.88%     68.54% |          14      2.92%     71.46% |          13      2.71%     74.17% |          17      3.54%     77.71% |          10      2.08%     79.79% |          10      2.08%     81.88% |          13      2.71%     84.58% |          13      2.71%     87.29% |          11      2.29%     89.58% |           7      1.46%     91.04% |           7      1.46%     92.50% |           5      1.04%     93.54% |           8      1.67%     95.21% |          13      2.71%     97.92% |          10      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          480                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           1      4.76%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           3     14.29%     33.33% |           2      9.52%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           0      0.00%     61.90% |           0      0.00%     61.90% |           2      9.52%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           2      9.52%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           2      9.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        5596      3.19%      3.19% |        5480      3.12%      6.30% |        5420      3.08%      9.39% |        5432      3.09%     12.48% |        5518      3.14%     15.62% |        5441      3.10%     18.72% |        5597      3.19%     21.90% |        5588      3.18%     25.08% |        5637      3.21%     28.29% |        5510      3.14%     31.43% |        5544      3.16%     34.58% |        5465      3.11%     37.69% |        5590      3.18%     40.88% |        5384      3.06%     43.94% |        5422      3.09%     47.03% |        5375      3.06%     50.09% |        5482      3.12%     53.21% |        5463      3.11%     56.32% |        5530      3.15%     59.46% |        5461      3.11%     62.57% |        5462      3.11%     65.68% |        5356      3.05%     68.73% |        5370      3.06%     71.78% |        5319      3.03%     74.81% |        5492      3.13%     77.94% |        5462      3.11%     81.05% |        5475      3.12%     84.16% |        5458      3.11%     87.27% |        5497      3.13%     90.40% |        5574      3.17%     93.57% |        5680      3.23%     96.80% |        5617      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total       175697                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       80090     16.89%     16.89% |       12914      2.72%     19.62% |       11730      2.47%     22.09% |       12883      2.72%     24.81% |       12271      2.59%     27.40% |       11750      2.48%     29.88% |       11520      2.43%     32.31% |       11195      2.36%     34.67% |       11240      2.37%     37.04% |       11475      2.42%     39.46% |       13477      2.84%     42.30% |       12783      2.70%     45.00% |       11901      2.51%     47.51% |       11878      2.51%     50.02% |       11353      2.39%     52.41% |       11343      2.39%     54.80% |       12239      2.58%     57.39% |       11623      2.45%     59.84% |       12129      2.56%     62.40% |       12153      2.56%     64.96% |       12429      2.62%     67.58% |       20896      4.41%     71.99% |       19169      4.04%     76.03% |       11842      2.50%     78.53% |       11868      2.50%     81.04% |       12497      2.64%     83.67% |       11792      2.49%     86.16% |       11475      2.42%     88.58% |       12226      2.58%     91.16% |       11536      2.43%     93.59% |       12379      2.61%     96.20% |       17998      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       474054                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       20885      8.56%      8.56% |        6748      2.76%     11.32% |        6809      2.79%     14.11% |        7932      3.25%     17.36% |        6769      2.77%     20.13% |        6643      2.72%     22.85% |        6958      2.85%     25.70% |        6476      2.65%     28.36% |        6553      2.68%     31.04% |        6783      2.78%     33.82% |        6906      2.83%     36.65% |        6343      2.60%     39.25% |        6131      2.51%     41.76% |        6640      2.72%     44.48% |        5985      2.45%     46.93% |        6031      2.47%     49.40% |        6119      2.51%     51.91% |        6575      2.69%     54.60% |        6694      2.74%     57.35% |        6727      2.76%     60.10% |        6898      2.83%     62.93% |       13210      5.41%     68.34% |        8420      3.45%     71.79% |        6656      2.73%     74.51% |        6988      2.86%     77.38% |        6539      2.68%     80.06% |        6828      2.80%     82.85% |        6755      2.77%     85.62% |        7229      2.96%     88.58% |        7041      2.88%     91.47% |        9711      3.98%     95.44% |       11119      4.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       244101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       48995      3.78%      3.78% |       40334      3.11%      6.89% |       40359      3.11%     10.01% |       40190      3.10%     13.11% |       40157      3.10%     16.21% |       40011      3.09%     19.30% |       40041      3.09%     22.39% |       39974      3.09%     25.47% |       40120      3.10%     28.57% |       40170      3.10%     31.67% |       40235      3.11%     34.78% |       40215      3.10%     37.88% |       40284      3.11%     40.99% |       40296      3.11%     44.10% |       40311      3.11%     47.21% |       40264      3.11%     50.32% |       40353      3.11%     53.43% |       40348      3.11%     56.54% |       40236      3.11%     59.65% |       40130      3.10%     62.75% |       40140      3.10%     65.85% |       40026      3.09%     68.93% |       40095      3.09%     72.03% |       40037      3.09%     75.12% |       40191      3.10%     78.22% |       40208      3.10%     81.32% |       40279      3.11%     84.43% |       40274      3.11%     87.54% |       40398      3.12%     90.66% |       40287      3.11%     93.77% |       40433      3.12%     96.89% |       40319      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1295710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       48408      3.15%      3.15% |       48266      3.14%      6.29% |       48218      3.14%      9.43% |       48139      3.13%     12.57% |       47886      3.12%     15.69% |       47700      3.11%     18.79% |       47642      3.10%     21.90% |       47813      3.11%     25.01% |       48078      3.13%     28.14% |       48141      3.13%     31.27% |       47963      3.12%     34.40% |       47887      3.12%     37.52% |       47736      3.11%     40.62% |       47632      3.10%     43.73% |       47681      3.10%     46.83% |       47826      3.11%     49.94% |       47948      3.12%     53.07% |       48049      3.13%     56.20% |       47985      3.12%     59.32% |       48003      3.13%     62.45% |       47958      3.12%     65.57% |       47914      3.12%     68.69% |       47905      3.12%     71.81% |       47987      3.12%     74.93% |       48072      3.13%     78.06% |       48160      3.14%     81.20% |       48189      3.14%     84.34% |       48208      3.14%     87.48% |       48144      3.13%     90.61% |       48068      3.13%     93.74% |       47976      3.12%     96.86% |       48151      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1535733                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        2346      3.34%      3.34% |        2392      3.40%      6.74% |        2495      3.55%     10.29% |        2624      3.73%     14.02% |        2691      3.83%     17.84% |        2566      3.65%     21.49% |        2560      3.64%     25.13% |        2331      3.31%     28.45% |        2124      3.02%     31.47% |        1976      2.81%     34.28% |        2246      3.19%     37.47% |        2286      3.25%     40.72% |        2294      3.26%     43.98% |        2243      3.19%     47.17% |        2331      3.31%     50.49% |        2107      3.00%     53.48% |        1979      2.81%     56.30% |        1838      2.61%     58.91% |        1937      2.75%     61.67% |        2003      2.85%     64.51% |        2099      2.98%     67.50% |        1843      2.62%     70.12% |        2036      2.90%     73.01% |        1922      2.73%     75.75% |        2055      2.92%     78.67% |        2086      2.97%     81.64% |        2037      2.90%     84.53% |        2102      2.99%     87.52% |        2261      3.22%     90.74% |        2165      3.08%     93.81% |        2192      3.12%     96.93% |        2158      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        70325                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           4     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2      8.33%     75.00% |           6     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      199288      5.57%      5.57% |      109164      3.05%      8.62% |      108008      3.02%     11.64% |      110040      3.08%     14.71% |      107992      3.02%     17.73% |      107027      2.99%     20.72% |      107079      2.99%     23.72% |      106358      2.97%     26.69% |      106884      2.99%     29.68% |      107456      3.00%     32.68% |      109467      3.06%     35.74% |      108122      3.02%     38.76% |      106941      2.99%     41.75% |      107322      3.00%     44.75% |      106214      2.97%     47.72% |      106319      2.97%     50.69% |      107525      3.01%     53.69% |      107459      3.00%     56.70% |      107925      3.02%     59.71% |      107898      3.02%     62.73% |      108296      3.03%     65.75% |      122922      3.44%     69.19% |      116475      3.26%     72.44% |      107392      3.00%     75.45% |      108009      3.02%     78.46% |      108290      3.03%     81.49% |      107987      3.02%     84.51% |      107610      3.01%     87.52% |      108910      3.04%     90.56% |      107845      3.01%     93.57% |      111423      3.11%     96.69% |      118492      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      3578139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         622      2.94%      2.94% |         642      3.04%      5.98% |         623      2.95%      8.92% |         681      3.22%     12.14% |         653      3.09%     15.23% |         697      3.30%     18.52% |         705      3.33%     21.86% |         728      3.44%     25.30% |         697      3.30%     28.59% |         691      3.27%     31.86% |         660      3.12%     34.98% |         676      3.20%     38.18% |         627      2.96%     41.14% |         621      2.94%     44.08% |         629      2.97%     47.05% |         650      3.07%     50.13% |         648      3.06%     53.19% |         613      2.90%     56.09% |         631      2.98%     59.07% |         703      3.32%     62.39% |         653      3.09%     65.48% |         665      3.14%     68.63% |         685      3.24%     71.86% |         712      3.37%     75.23% |         681      3.22%     78.45% |         693      3.28%     81.73% |         642      3.04%     84.76% |         699      3.30%     88.07% |         620      2.93%     91.00% |         638      3.02%     94.01% |         620      2.93%     96.95% |         646      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        21151                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |       12392      3.09%      3.09% |       12393      3.09%      6.19% |       12310      3.07%      9.26% |       12247      3.06%     12.32% |       12359      3.09%     15.40% |       12486      3.12%     18.52% |       12396      3.09%     21.61% |       12469      3.11%     24.73% |       12461      3.11%     27.84% |       12493      3.12%     30.96% |       12581      3.14%     34.10% |       12688      3.17%     37.26% |       12818      3.20%     40.46% |       12927      3.23%     43.69% |       12766      3.19%     46.88% |       12772      3.19%     50.06% |       12633      3.15%     53.22% |       12613      3.15%     56.37% |       12445      3.11%     59.47% |       12537      3.13%     62.60% |       12565      3.14%     65.74% |       12871      3.21%     68.95% |       12554      3.13%     72.09% |       12491      3.12%     75.20% |       12349      3.08%     78.29% |       12368      3.09%     81.37% |       12291      3.07%     84.44% |       12331      3.08%     87.52% |       12478      3.11%     90.64% |       12581      3.14%     93.78% |       12445      3.11%     96.88% |       12486      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total       400596                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14      5.86%      5.86% |           0      0.00%      5.86% |           0      0.00%      5.86% |           0      0.00%      5.86% |          56     23.43%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |          55     23.01%     52.30% |          60     25.10%     77.41% |          54     22.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          239                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           8      2.21%      2.21% |           8      2.21%      4.42% |           7      1.93%      6.35% |          10      2.76%      9.12% |           7      1.93%     11.05% |           6      1.66%     12.71% |           4      1.10%     13.81% |           6      1.66%     15.47% |           5      1.38%     16.85% |           9      2.49%     19.34% |          32      8.84%     28.18% |           8      2.21%     30.39% |           9      2.49%     32.87% |           8      2.21%     35.08% |           4      1.10%     36.19% |           7      1.93%     38.12% |           7      1.93%     40.06% |          13      3.59%     43.65% |           6      1.66%     45.30% |           8      2.21%     47.51% |           7      1.93%     49.45% |          84     23.20%     72.65% |          21      5.80%     78.45% |          16      4.42%     82.87% |          12      3.31%     86.19% |          11      3.04%     89.23% |          11      3.04%     92.27% |           7      1.93%     94.20% |           6      1.66%     95.86% |           4      1.10%     96.96% |           5      1.38%     98.34% |           6      1.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          362                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |          22      3.27%      3.27% |          30      4.46%      7.73% |          22      3.27%     11.00% |          23      3.42%     14.41% |          17      2.53%     16.94% |          14      2.08%     19.02% |          15      2.23%     21.25% |           5      0.74%     21.99% |          20      2.97%     24.96% |          26      3.86%     28.83% |          17      2.53%     31.35% |          16      2.38%     33.73% |          16      2.38%     36.11% |          18      2.67%     38.78% |          17      2.53%     41.31% |          17      2.53%     43.83% |          16      2.38%     46.21% |          20      2.97%     49.18% |          20      2.97%     52.15% |          18      2.67%     54.83% |          90     13.37%     68.20% |          27      4.01%     72.21% |          18      2.67%     74.89% |          22      3.27%     78.16% |          21      3.12%     81.28% |          18      2.67%     83.95% |          23      3.42%     87.37% |          19      2.82%     90.19% |          13      1.93%     92.12% |          18      2.67%     94.80% |          19      2.82%     97.62% |          16      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          673                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           8      3.52%      3.52% |           7      3.08%      6.61% |           6      2.64%      9.25% |           9      3.96%     13.22% |           9      3.96%     17.18% |           4      1.76%     18.94% |           6      2.64%     21.59% |           6      2.64%     24.23% |          10      4.41%     28.63% |          10      4.41%     33.04% |           5      2.20%     35.24% |           9      3.96%     39.21% |          11      4.85%     44.05% |           7      3.08%     47.14% |           8      3.52%     50.66% |           6      2.64%     53.30% |           4      1.76%     55.07% |           5      2.20%     57.27% |           3      1.32%     58.59% |           7      3.08%     61.67% |           8      3.52%     65.20% |           5      2.20%     67.40% |           6      2.64%     70.04% |           8      3.52%     73.57% |          10      4.41%     77.97% |          11      4.85%     82.82% |           4      1.76%     84.58% |           8      3.52%     88.11% |           6      2.64%     90.75% |          10      4.41%     95.15% |           6      2.64%     97.80% |           5      2.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          227                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |      116103      3.39%      3.39% |      107139      3.12%      6.51% |      106953      3.12%      9.63% |      106713      3.11%     12.74% |      106595      3.11%     15.85% |      106360      3.10%     18.95% |      106405      3.10%     22.05% |      106594      3.11%     25.16% |      107015      3.12%     28.28% |      107028      3.12%     31.40% |      107006      3.12%     34.52% |      106953      3.12%     37.64% |      107079      3.12%     40.76% |      106882      3.12%     43.88% |      106832      3.11%     46.99% |      106909      3.12%     50.11% |      107087      3.12%     53.23% |      107108      3.12%     56.35% |      106850      3.12%     59.47% |      106856      3.12%     62.59% |      106800      3.11%     65.70% |      106856      3.12%     68.81% |      106630      3.11%     71.92% |      106568      3.11%     75.03% |      106809      3.11%     78.15% |      106913      3.12%     81.26% |      106900      3.12%     84.38% |      106991      3.12%     87.50% |      107159      3.12%     90.62% |      107170      3.12%     93.75% |      107176      3.12%     96.87% |      107243      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      3429682                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.14%      7.14% |           1      3.57%     10.71% |           0      0.00%     10.71% |           0      0.00%     10.71% |           2      7.14%     17.86% |           1      3.57%     21.43% |           1      3.57%     25.00% |           1      3.57%     28.57% |           1      3.57%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           3     10.71%     42.86% |           3     10.71%     53.57% |           0      0.00%     53.57% |           2      7.14%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |           1      3.57%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      3.57%     67.86% |           0      0.00%     67.86% |           1      3.57%     71.43% |           1      3.57%     75.00% |           1      3.57%     78.57% |           1      3.57%     82.14% |           1      3.57%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      3.57%     89.29% |           0      0.00%     89.29% |           1      3.57%     92.86% |           2      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         673      3.19%      3.19% |         639      3.02%      6.21% |         621      2.94%      9.15% |         678      3.21%     12.36% |         650      3.08%     15.44% |         697      3.30%     18.73% |         704      3.33%     22.07% |         727      3.44%     25.51% |         692      3.28%     28.78% |         685      3.24%     32.03% |         657      3.11%     35.14% |         673      3.19%     38.32% |         626      2.96%     41.28% |         620      2.93%     44.22% |         628      2.97%     47.19% |         649      3.07%     50.26% |         646      3.06%     53.32% |         609      2.88%     56.20% |         630      2.98%     59.18% |         699      3.31%     62.49% |         650      3.08%     65.57% |         662      3.13%     68.70% |         683      3.23%     71.94% |         710      3.36%     75.30% |         675      3.19%     78.49% |         689      3.26%     81.75% |         641      3.03%     84.79% |         698      3.30%     88.09% |         617      2.92%     91.01% |         637      3.02%     94.03% |         620      2.93%     96.96% |         642      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        21127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           5      6.02%      6.02% |           3      3.61%      9.64% |           2      2.41%     12.05% |           3      3.61%     15.66% |           3      3.61%     19.28% |           0      0.00%     19.28% |           1      1.20%     20.48% |           2      2.41%     22.89% |           5      6.02%     28.92% |           7      8.43%     37.35% |           3      3.61%     40.96% |           3      3.61%     44.58% |           1      1.20%     45.78% |           1      1.20%     46.99% |           1      1.20%     48.19% |           1      1.20%     49.40% |           2      2.41%     51.81% |           4      4.82%     56.63% |           1      1.20%     57.83% |           4      4.82%     62.65% |           3      3.61%     66.27% |           3      3.61%     69.88% |           2      2.41%     72.29% |           3      3.61%     75.90% |           6      7.23%     83.13% |           4      4.82%     87.95% |           1      1.20%     89.16% |           1      1.20%     90.36% |           3      3.61%     93.98% |           1      1.20%     95.18% |           0      0.00%     95.18% |           4      4.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           83                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.94%      2.94% |           0      0.00%      2.94% |           1      2.94%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           1      2.94%      8.82% |           6     17.65%     26.47% |           0      0.00%     26.47% |           0      0.00%     26.47% |           0      0.00%     26.47% |           0      0.00%     26.47% |           0      0.00%     26.47% |           0      0.00%     26.47% |           0      0.00%     26.47% |           0      0.00%     26.47% |           0      0.00%     26.47% |           0      0.00%     26.47% |          22     64.71%     91.18% |           2      5.88%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           1      2.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           34                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13     17.57%     17.57% |          61     82.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           74                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          43      4.20%      4.20% |          47      4.59%      8.80% |          53      5.18%     13.98% |          24      2.35%     16.32% |          36      3.52%     19.84% |          50      4.89%     24.73% |          50      4.89%     29.62% |          38      3.71%     33.33% |          26      2.54%     35.87% |          25      2.44%     38.32% |          30      2.93%     41.25% |          25      2.44%     43.70% |          39      3.81%     47.51% |          34      3.32%     50.83% |          26      2.54%     53.37% |          30      2.93%     56.30% |          40      3.91%     60.22% |          24      2.35%     62.56% |          28      2.74%     65.30% |          32      3.13%     68.43% |          28      2.74%     71.16% |          22      2.15%     73.31% |          41      4.01%     77.32% |          22      2.15%     79.47% |          27      2.64%     82.11% |          25      2.44%     84.56% |          32      3.13%     87.68% |          20      1.96%     89.64% |          22      2.15%     91.79% |          37      3.62%     95.41% |          29      2.83%     98.24% |          18      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total         1023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |        2729      3.10%      3.10% |        2746      3.12%      6.22% |        2670      3.03%      9.26% |        2653      3.02%     12.27% |        2636      3.00%     15.27% |        2652      3.01%     18.28% |        2604      2.96%     21.24% |        2624      2.98%     24.23% |        2626      2.98%     27.21% |        2686      3.05%     30.27% |        2666      3.03%     33.30% |        2724      3.10%     36.39% |        2781      3.16%     39.55% |        2835      3.22%     42.78% |        2814      3.20%     45.97% |        2848      3.24%     49.21% |        2780      3.16%     52.37% |        2824      3.21%     55.58% |        2792      3.17%     58.75% |        2783      3.16%     61.92% |        2883      3.28%     65.20% |        2939      3.34%     68.54% |        2765      3.14%     71.68% |        2742      3.12%     74.80% |        2702      3.07%     77.87% |        2739      3.11%     80.98% |        2758      3.13%     84.11% |        2757      3.13%     87.25% |        2798      3.18%     90.43% |        2853      3.24%     93.67% |        2778      3.16%     96.83% |        2789      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        87976                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |          47      4.35%      4.35% |          46      4.26%      8.60% |          53      4.90%     13.51% |          32      2.96%     16.47% |          38      3.52%     19.98% |          45      4.16%     24.14% |          50      4.63%     28.77% |          37      3.42%     32.19% |          28      2.59%     34.78% |          25      2.31%     37.10% |          33      3.05%     40.15% |          30      2.78%     42.92% |          39      3.61%     46.53% |          34      3.15%     49.68% |          28      2.59%     52.27% |          32      2.96%     55.23% |          41      3.79%     59.02% |          24      2.22%     61.24% |          29      2.68%     63.92% |          32      2.96%     66.88% |          31      2.87%     69.75% |          22      2.04%     71.79% |          44      4.07%     75.86% |          22      2.04%     77.89% |          30      2.78%     80.67% |          28      2.59%     83.26% |          31      2.87%     86.12% |          25      2.31%     88.44% |          27      2.50%     90.93% |          42      3.89%     94.82% |          34      3.15%     97.96% |          22      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total         1081                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        9616      3.09%      3.09% |        9601      3.08%      6.17% |        9587      3.08%      9.25% |        9562      3.07%     12.31% |        9685      3.11%     15.42% |        9789      3.14%     18.57% |        9742      3.13%     21.69% |        9808      3.15%     24.84% |        9807      3.15%     27.99% |        9782      3.14%     31.13% |        9882      3.17%     34.30% |        9934      3.19%     37.49% |        9998      3.21%     40.70% |       10058      3.23%     43.93% |        9924      3.19%     47.11% |        9892      3.18%     50.29% |        9812      3.15%     53.44% |        9765      3.13%     56.57% |        9624      3.09%     59.66% |        9722      3.12%     62.78% |        9651      3.10%     65.88% |        9910      3.18%     69.06% |        9745      3.13%     72.19% |        9727      3.12%     75.31% |        9617      3.09%     78.40% |        9601      3.08%     81.48% |        9502      3.05%     84.53% |        9549      3.07%     87.59% |        9653      3.10%     90.69% |        9686      3.11%     93.80% |        9633      3.09%     96.89% |        9675      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total       311539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     23.08%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3     23.08%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     46.15%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.27%      2.27% |           0      0.00%      2.27% |           0      0.00%      2.27% |           0      0.00%      2.27% |           1      2.27%      4.55% |           3      6.82%     11.36% |           2      4.55%     15.91% |           0      0.00%     15.91% |           3      6.82%     22.73% |           3      6.82%     29.55% |           1      2.27%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           2      4.55%     36.36% |           1      2.27%     38.64% |           4      9.09%     47.73% |           2      4.55%     52.27% |           3      6.82%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      2.27%     61.36% |           4      9.09%     70.45% |           2      4.55%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           4      9.09%     84.09% |           2      4.55%     88.64% |           0      0.00%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           2      4.55%     95.45% |           2      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        5643      3.23%      3.23% |        5537      3.16%      6.39% |        5556      3.18%      9.57% |        5551      3.17%     12.74% |        5577      3.19%     15.93% |        5539      3.17%     19.09% |        5650      3.23%     22.32% |        5608      3.21%     25.53% |        5609      3.21%     28.73% |        5521      3.16%     31.89% |        5513      3.15%     35.04% |        5445      3.11%     38.15% |        5416      3.10%     41.25% |        5324      3.04%     44.29% |        5330      3.05%     47.34% |        5315      3.04%     50.38% |        5351      3.06%     53.44% |        5355      3.06%     56.50% |        5368      3.07%     59.56% |        5400      3.09%     62.65% |        5388      3.08%     65.73% |        5293      3.03%     68.76% |        5292      3.02%     71.78% |        5322      3.04%     74.82% |        5419      3.10%     77.92% |        5374      3.07%     80.99% |        5443      3.11%     84.10% |        5506      3.15%     87.25% |        5542      3.17%     90.42% |        5514      3.15%     93.57% |        5641      3.22%     96.79% |        5608      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total       174950                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        5596      3.19%      3.19% |        5480      3.12%      6.30% |        5420      3.08%      9.39% |        5432      3.09%     12.48% |        5518      3.14%     15.62% |        5441      3.10%     18.72% |        5597      3.19%     21.90% |        5588      3.18%     25.08% |        5637      3.21%     28.29% |        5510      3.14%     31.43% |        5544      3.16%     34.58% |        5465      3.11%     37.69% |        5590      3.18%     40.88% |        5384      3.06%     43.94% |        5422      3.09%     47.03% |        5375      3.06%     50.09% |        5482      3.12%     53.21% |        5463      3.11%     56.32% |        5530      3.15%     59.46% |        5461      3.11%     62.57% |        5462      3.11%     65.68% |        5356      3.05%     68.73% |        5370      3.06%     71.78% |        5319      3.03%     74.81% |        5492      3.13%     77.94% |        5462      3.11%     81.05% |        5475      3.12%     84.16% |        5458      3.11%     87.27% |        5497      3.13%     90.40% |        5574      3.17%     93.57% |        5680      3.23%     96.80% |        5617      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total       175697                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           1      4.76%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           3     14.29%     33.33% |           2      9.52%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           0      0.00%     61.90% |           0      0.00%     61.90% |           2      9.52%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           2      9.52%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           2      9.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |        2747      3.04%      3.04% |        2643      2.92%      5.96% |        2480      2.74%      8.70% |        2368      2.62%     11.31% |        2367      2.62%     13.93% |        2463      2.72%     16.65% |        2584      2.86%     19.50% |        2785      3.08%     22.58% |        3014      3.33%     25.91% |        3111      3.44%     29.35% |        2843      3.14%     32.49% |        2714      3.00%     35.49% |        2737      3.02%     38.51% |        2687      2.97%     41.48% |        2654      2.93%     44.41% |        2831      3.13%     47.54% |        3047      3.37%     50.91% |        3147      3.48%     54.38% |        3119      3.45%     57.83% |        3023      3.34%     61.17% |        2959      3.27%     64.44% |        3076      3.40%     67.84% |        2914      3.22%     71.06% |        2997      3.31%     74.37% |        2955      3.26%     77.63% |        2841      3.14%     80.77% |        2959      3.27%     84.04% |        2918      3.22%     87.27% |        2796      3.09%     90.36% |        2858      3.16%     93.51% |        2938      3.25%     96.76% |        2932      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        90507                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       69869      3.58%      3.58% |       61093      3.13%      6.71% |       61148      3.13%      9.84% |       61140      3.13%     12.97% |       61069      3.13%     16.10% |       60879      3.12%     19.22% |       60790      3.11%     22.33% |       60774      3.11%     25.45% |       60816      3.12%     28.56% |       60699      3.11%     31.67% |       60917      3.12%     34.79% |       60898      3.12%     37.91% |       60807      3.11%     41.02% |       60715      3.11%     44.13% |       60711      3.11%     47.24% |       60584      3.10%     50.35% |       60543      3.10%     53.45% |       60436      3.10%     56.54% |       60357      3.09%     59.64% |       60547      3.10%     62.74% |       60479      3.10%     65.84% |       60486      3.10%     68.93% |       60525      3.10%     72.03% |       60426      3.10%     75.13% |       60557      3.10%     78.23% |       60674      3.11%     81.34% |       60549      3.10%     84.44% |       60674      3.11%     87.55% |       60881      3.12%     90.67% |       60764      3.11%     93.78% |       60645      3.11%     96.89% |       60805      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1952257                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           1      0.86%      0.86% |           1      0.86%      1.72% |           1      0.86%      2.59% |           1      0.86%      3.45% |           3      2.59%      6.03% |          11      9.48%     15.52% |          15     12.93%     28.45% |           8      6.90%     35.34% |          10      8.62%     43.97% |           2      1.72%     45.69% |           0      0.00%     45.69% |           0      0.00%     45.69% |           3      2.59%     48.28% |           9      7.76%     56.03% |          11      9.48%     65.52% |           4      3.45%     68.97% |          10      8.62%     77.59% |           4      3.45%     81.03% |           1      0.86%     81.90% |           0      0.00%     81.90% |           2      1.72%     83.62% |           2      1.72%     85.34% |           0      0.00%     85.34% |           1      0.86%     86.21% |           1      0.86%     87.07% |           3      2.59%     89.66% |           2      1.72%     91.38% |           0      0.00%     91.38% |           2      1.72%     93.10% |           2      1.72%     94.83% |           3      2.59%     97.41% |           3      2.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total          116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        3255      3.06%      3.06% |        3094      2.91%      5.97% |        2934      2.76%      8.72% |        2817      2.65%     11.37% |        2842      2.67%     14.04% |        2894      2.72%     16.76% |        3053      2.87%     19.63% |        3277      3.08%     22.70% |        3539      3.33%     26.03% |        3566      3.35%     29.38% |        3328      3.13%     32.51% |        3209      3.01%     35.52% |        3345      3.14%     38.66% |        3206      3.01%     41.68% |        3155      2.96%     44.64% |        3339      3.14%     47.78% |        3558      3.34%     51.12% |        3678      3.46%     54.58% |        3640      3.42%     58.00% |        3504      3.29%     61.29% |        3425      3.22%     64.51% |        3581      3.36%     67.87% |        3387      3.18%     71.05% |        3451      3.24%     74.30% |        3470      3.26%     77.56% |        3401      3.20%     80.75% |        3462      3.25%     84.00% |        3377      3.17%     87.18% |        3256      3.06%     90.24% |        3426      3.22%     93.46% |        3494      3.28%     96.74% |        3472      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total       106435                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       44003      3.13%      3.13% |       43976      3.13%      6.27% |       43895      3.13%      9.39% |       43780      3.12%     12.51% |       43708      3.11%     15.63% |       43611      3.11%     18.73% |       43586      3.10%     21.84% |       43567      3.10%     24.94% |       43684      3.11%     28.05% |       43787      3.12%     31.17% |       43785      3.12%     34.29% |       43870      3.13%     37.42% |       43951      3.13%     40.55% |       43985      3.13%     43.68% |       43990      3.13%     46.82% |       44010      3.14%     49.95% |       44010      3.14%     53.09% |       44018      3.14%     56.22% |       43877      3.13%     59.35% |       43829      3.12%     62.47% |       43920      3.13%     65.60% |       43813      3.12%     68.72% |       43742      3.12%     71.84% |       43715      3.11%     74.95% |       43806      3.12%     78.07% |       43862      3.12%     81.19% |       43913      3.13%     84.32% |       43964      3.13%     87.46% |       44046      3.14%     90.59% |       44004      3.13%     93.73% |       44061      3.14%     96.87% |       43990      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1403758                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         130      2.15%      2.15% |         140      2.31%      4.46% |         141      2.33%      6.79% |         170      2.81%      9.60% |         135      2.23%     11.83% |         165      2.73%     14.55% |         151      2.49%     17.05% |         157      2.59%     19.64% |         182      3.01%     22.65% |         170      2.81%     25.45% |         169      2.79%     28.25% |         187      3.09%     31.33% |         167      2.76%     34.09% |         179      2.96%     37.05% |         199      3.29%     40.34% |         147      2.43%     42.77% |         187      3.09%     45.85% |         164      2.71%     48.56% |         175      2.89%     51.45% |         202      3.34%     54.79% |         290      4.79%     59.58% |         172      2.84%     62.42% |         220      3.63%     66.06% |         166      2.74%     68.80% |         169      2.79%     71.59% |         236      3.90%     75.49% |         191      3.15%     78.64% |         235      3.88%     82.52% |         236      3.90%     86.42% |         294      4.86%     91.28% |         254      4.20%     95.47% |         274      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         6054                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           5      1.58%      1.58% |           4      1.26%      2.84% |           6      1.89%      4.73% |           8      2.52%      7.26% |           4      1.26%      8.52% |           5      1.58%     10.09% |           4      1.26%     11.36% |           5      1.58%     12.93% |           9      2.84%     15.77% |          17      5.36%     21.14% |          11      3.47%     24.61% |           6      1.89%     26.50% |           8      2.52%     29.02% |          17      5.36%     34.38% |           7      2.21%     36.59% |          12      3.79%     40.38% |          16      5.05%     45.43% |           7      2.21%     47.63% |          13      4.10%     51.74% |          10      3.15%     54.89% |          18      5.68%     60.57% |          21      6.62%     67.19% |          10      3.15%     70.35% |          19      5.99%     76.34% |          19      5.99%     82.33% |          12      3.79%     86.12% |           5      1.58%     87.70% |           8      2.52%     90.22% |          11      3.47%     93.69% |          11      3.47%     97.16% |           3      0.95%     98.11% |           6      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total          317                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      214847      5.27%      5.27% |      124731      3.06%      8.33% |      123582      3.03%     11.37% |      125735      3.09%     14.45% |      123817      3.04%     17.49% |      122895      3.02%     20.51% |      122854      3.02%     23.53% |      122016      2.99%     26.52% |      122293      3.00%     29.52% |      122744      3.01%     32.53% |      125085      3.07%     35.60% |      123894      3.04%     38.65% |      122790      3.01%     41.66% |      123218      3.02%     44.68% |      122039      3.00%     47.68% |      121968      2.99%     50.67% |      122911      3.02%     53.69% |      122652      3.01%     56.70% |      123057      3.02%     59.72% |      123256      3.03%     62.75% |      123726      3.04%     65.78% |      138405      3.40%     69.18% |      131856      3.24%     72.42% |      122639      3.01%     75.43% |      123219      3.02%     78.45% |      123572      3.03%     81.48% |      123084      3.02%     84.50% |      122874      3.02%     87.52% |      124382      3.05%     90.57% |      123345      3.03%     93.60% |      126796      3.11%     96.71% |      133912      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4074194                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           6      2.54%      2.54% |           6      2.54%      5.08% |           3      1.27%      6.36% |           2      0.85%      7.20% |          12      5.08%     12.29% |           3      1.27%     13.56% |           6      2.54%     16.10% |          12      5.08%     21.19% |          11      4.66%     25.85% |           7      2.97%     28.81% |           5      2.12%     30.93% |           1      0.42%     31.36% |           6      2.54%     33.90% |           3      1.27%     35.17% |           6      2.54%     37.71% |          13      5.51%     43.22% |           6      2.54%     45.76% |           7      2.97%     48.73% |           7      2.97%     51.69% |           5      2.12%     53.81% |          13      5.51%     59.32% |           4      1.69%     61.02% |           9      3.81%     64.83% |           7      2.97%     67.80% |          15      6.36%     74.15% |           6      2.54%     76.69% |          14      5.93%     82.63% |           4      1.69%     84.32% |          15      6.36%     90.68% |           5      2.12%     92.80% |           9      3.81%     96.61% |           8      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total          236                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          12      2.68%      2.68% |           8      1.79%      4.46% |           8      1.79%      6.25% |          18      4.02%     10.27% |          10      2.23%     12.50% |          24      5.36%     17.86% |          31      6.92%     24.78% |          14      3.12%     27.90% |          18      4.02%     31.92% |           8      1.79%     33.71% |          19      4.24%     37.95% |          23      5.13%     43.08% |          19      4.24%     47.32% |          19      4.24%     51.56% |          38      8.48%     60.04% |          16      3.57%     63.62% |          17      3.79%     67.41% |           8      1.79%     69.20% |          13      2.90%     72.10% |          13      2.90%     75.00% |          15      3.35%     78.35% |           9      2.01%     80.36% |          10      2.23%     82.59% |          13      2.90%     85.49% |          11      2.46%     87.95% |           9      2.01%     89.96% |           6      1.34%     91.29% |           6      1.34%     92.63% |           4      0.89%     93.53% |           7      1.56%     95.09% |          13      2.90%     97.99% |           9      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          448                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        2302      3.48%      3.48% |        2343      3.54%      7.02% |        2404      3.63%     10.65% |        2551      3.86%     14.51% |        2566      3.88%     18.39% |        2455      3.71%     22.10% |        2474      3.74%     25.84% |        2229      3.37%     29.21% |        2022      3.06%     32.26% |        1909      2.89%     35.15% |        2098      3.17%     38.32% |        2076      3.14%     41.46% |        2150      3.25%     44.71% |        2085      3.15%     47.86% |        2131      3.22%     51.08% |        1963      2.97%     54.04% |        1857      2.81%     56.85% |        1750      2.64%     59.50% |        1829      2.76%     62.26% |        1848      2.79%     65.05% |        1912      2.89%     67.94% |        1742      2.63%     70.58% |        1895      2.86%     73.44% |        1747      2.64%     76.08% |        1845      2.79%     78.87% |        1934      2.92%     81.79% |        1877      2.84%     84.63% |        1902      2.87%     87.50% |        2126      3.21%     90.72% |        1996      3.02%     93.73% |        2100      3.17%     96.91% |        2046      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        66164                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          44      1.06%      1.06% |          49      1.18%      2.24% |          91      2.19%      4.43% |          73      1.76%      6.18% |         125      3.01%      9.19% |         111      2.67%     11.86% |          86      2.07%     13.93% |         102      2.45%     16.39% |         102      2.45%     18.84% |          67      1.61%     20.45% |         148      3.56%     24.01% |         210      5.05%     29.07% |         144      3.46%     32.53% |         158      3.80%     36.33% |         200      4.81%     41.15% |         144      3.46%     44.61% |         122      2.94%     47.55% |          88      2.12%     49.66% |         108      2.60%     52.26% |         155      3.73%     55.99% |         187      4.50%     60.49% |          99      2.38%     62.87% |         141      3.39%     66.27% |         175      4.21%     70.48% |         210      5.05%     75.53% |         152      3.66%     79.19% |         159      3.83%     83.01% |         200      4.81%     87.82% |         135      3.25%     91.07% |         169      4.07%     95.14% |          92      2.21%     97.35% |         110      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         4156                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          44      1.06%      1.06% |          49      1.18%      2.24% |          91      2.19%      4.43% |          73      1.76%      6.18% |         125      3.01%      9.19% |         111      2.67%     11.86% |          86      2.07%     13.93% |         102      2.45%     16.39% |         102      2.45%     18.84% |          67      1.61%     20.45% |         148      3.56%     24.01% |         210      5.05%     29.07% |         144      3.46%     32.53% |         158      3.80%     36.33% |         200      4.81%     41.15% |         144      3.46%     44.61% |         122      2.94%     47.55% |          88      2.12%     49.66% |         108      2.60%     52.26% |         155      3.73%     55.99% |         187      4.50%     60.49% |          99      2.38%     62.87% |         141      3.39%     66.27% |         175      4.21%     70.48% |         210      5.05%     75.53% |         152      3.66%     79.19% |         159      3.83%     83.01% |         200      4.81%     87.82% |         135      3.25%     91.07% |         169      4.07%     95.14% |          92      2.21%     97.35% |         110      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         4156                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.70%      3.70% |           1      3.70%      7.41% |           1      3.70%     11.11% |           3     11.11%     22.22% |           2      7.41%     29.63% |           1      3.70%     33.33% |           1      3.70%     37.04% |           1      3.70%     40.74% |           1      3.70%     44.44% |           1      3.70%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           2      7.41%     55.56% |           1      3.70%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           1      3.70%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2      7.41%     74.07% |           1      3.70%     77.78% |           2      7.41%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           2      7.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           1      5.56%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           3     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           2     11.11%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           2     11.11%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        2302      3.48%      3.48% |        2343      3.54%      7.02% |        2404      3.63%     10.65% |        2551      3.86%     14.51% |        2566      3.88%     18.39% |        2455      3.71%     22.10% |        2474      3.74%     25.84% |        2229      3.37%     29.20% |        2022      3.06%     32.26% |        1909      2.89%     35.14% |        2098      3.17%     38.32% |        2076      3.14%     41.45% |        2150      3.25%     44.70% |        2085      3.15%     47.85% |        2131      3.22%     51.07% |        1963      2.97%     54.04% |        1857      2.81%     56.85% |        1750      2.64%     59.49% |        1829      2.76%     62.26% |        1848      2.79%     65.05% |        1912      2.89%     67.94% |        1744      2.64%     70.57% |        1895      2.86%     73.44% |        1747      2.64%     76.08% |        1845      2.79%     78.87% |        1934      2.92%     81.79% |        1878      2.84%     84.63% |        1902      2.87%     87.50% |        2126      3.21%     90.71% |        1996      3.02%     93.73% |        2100      3.17%     96.90% |        2048      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        66169                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      392568     20.31%     20.31% |      966335     50.00%     70.31% |       19413      1.00%     71.32% |       17640      0.91%     72.23% |       21019      1.09%     73.32% |       21865      1.13%     74.45% |       23740      1.23%     75.68% |       25845      1.34%     77.01% |       21267      1.10%     78.11% |       21761      1.13%     79.24% |       17369      0.90%     80.14% |       17408      0.90%     81.04% |       17319      0.90%     81.94% |       20622      1.07%     83.00% |       17785      0.92%     83.92% |       17635      0.91%     84.84% |       20846      1.08%     85.91% |       18070      0.93%     86.85% |       20322      1.05%     87.90% |       20192      1.04%     88.95% |       17721      0.92%     89.86% |       17535      0.91%     90.77% |       17655      0.91%     91.68% |       18423      0.95%     92.64% |       18242      0.94%     93.58% |       17747      0.92%     94.50% |       17290      0.89%     95.39% |       17394      0.90%     96.29% |       17677      0.91%     97.21% |       18380      0.95%     98.16% |       18066      0.93%     99.09% |       17519      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1932670                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      392568     20.31%     20.31% |      966335     50.00%     70.31% |       19413      1.00%     71.32% |       17640      0.91%     72.23% |       21019      1.09%     73.32% |       21865      1.13%     74.45% |       23740      1.23%     75.68% |       25845      1.34%     77.01% |       21267      1.10%     78.11% |       21761      1.13%     79.24% |       17369      0.90%     80.14% |       17408      0.90%     81.04% |       17319      0.90%     81.94% |       20622      1.07%     83.00% |       17785      0.92%     83.92% |       17635      0.91%     84.84% |       20846      1.08%     85.91% |       18070      0.93%     86.85% |       20322      1.05%     87.90% |       20192      1.04%     88.95% |       17721      0.92%     89.86% |       17535      0.91%     90.77% |       17655      0.91%     91.68% |       18423      0.95%     92.64% |       18242      0.94%     93.58% |       17747      0.92%     94.50% |       17290      0.89%     95.39% |       17394      0.90%     96.29% |       17677      0.91%     97.21% |       18380      0.95%     98.16% |       18066      0.93%     99.09% |       17519      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1932670                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      392568     20.31%     20.31% |      966335     50.00%     70.31% |       19413      1.00%     71.32% |       17640      0.91%     72.23% |       21019      1.09%     73.32% |       21865      1.13%     74.45% |       23740      1.23%     75.68% |       25845      1.34%     77.01% |       21267      1.10%     78.11% |       21761      1.13%     79.24% |       17369      0.90%     80.14% |       17408      0.90%     81.04% |       17319      0.90%     81.94% |       20622      1.07%     83.00% |       17785      0.92%     83.92% |       17635      0.91%     84.84% |       20846      1.08%     85.91% |       18070      0.93%     86.85% |       20322      1.05%     87.90% |       20192      1.04%     88.95% |       17721      0.92%     89.86% |       17535      0.91%     90.77% |       17655      0.91%     91.68% |       18423      0.95%     92.64% |       18242      0.94%     93.58% |       17747      0.92%     94.50% |       17290      0.89%     95.39% |       17394      0.90%     96.29% |       17677      0.91%     97.21% |       18380      0.95%     98.16% |       18066      0.93%     99.09% |       17519      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1932670                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      392568     20.31%     20.31% |      966335     50.00%     70.31% |       19413      1.00%     71.32% |       17640      0.91%     72.23% |       21019      1.09%     73.32% |       21865      1.13%     74.45% |       23740      1.23%     75.68% |       25845      1.34%     77.01% |       21267      1.10%     78.11% |       21761      1.13%     79.24% |       17369      0.90%     80.14% |       17408      0.90%     81.04% |       17319      0.90%     81.94% |       20622      1.07%     83.00% |       17785      0.92%     83.92% |       17635      0.91%     84.84% |       20846      1.08%     85.91% |       18070      0.93%     86.85% |       20322      1.05%     87.90% |       20192      1.04%     88.95% |       17721      0.92%     89.86% |       17535      0.91%     90.77% |       17655      0.91%     91.68% |       18423      0.95%     92.64% |       18242      0.94%     93.58% |       17747      0.92%     94.50% |       17290      0.89%     95.39% |       17394      0.90%     96.29% |       17677      0.91%     97.21% |       18380      0.95%     98.16% |       18066      0.93%     99.09% |       17519      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1932670                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
