
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038876                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38875574500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5215043653000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  49860                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    87758                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              106303597                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3259872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   365.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    18234136                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      32093464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4688704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4688704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    120607967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            120607967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73623195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73623195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    194231162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           194231162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4687872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2861952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4688704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      364                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2292                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38875062000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  46809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   4213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   7757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   8005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   8162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   8258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   8339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        32553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.870980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.774001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   232.424356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12702     39.02%     39.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7343     22.56%     61.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8032     24.67%     86.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1056      3.24%     89.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          786      2.41%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          607      1.86%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          446      1.37%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          430      1.32%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1151      3.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        32553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.169818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    45.920399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7978     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         7985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.600250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.379036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.172312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7465     93.49%     93.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           175      2.19%     95.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          100      1.25%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          245      3.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         7985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3178690346                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             4552090346                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    43396.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               62146.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      120.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   120.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56102                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  29301                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    329499.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10429733750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1297920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    27141649500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              127416240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              118623960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               69522750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               64725375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             289637400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281229000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146784960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142955280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2538731520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2538731520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        14182132950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13820189220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        10881106500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11198601000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28235332320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          28165055355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.417496                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.609463                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117407603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            117407603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70651663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            70651663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    188059266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           188059266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4563072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4564288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      393                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2138                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38874810000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  45992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   4753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   3026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   7441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   7658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   7791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   7895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   7994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        28657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.039676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.470607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.757130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9325     32.54%     32.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6727     23.47%     56.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7966     27.80%     83.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1161      4.05%     87.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          819      2.86%     90.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          567      1.98%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          496      1.73%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          468      1.63%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1128      3.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        28657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.296934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.310251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7657     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.598434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.368699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.221725                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7165     93.48%     93.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           149      1.94%     95.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          100      1.30%     96.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          251      3.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2881802389                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             4218639889                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    40419.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               59169.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      117.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       70.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   117.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    70.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55744                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29805                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    340311.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10617825000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1297920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    26953521250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              112931280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              103670280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               61619250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               56566125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             282406800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273249600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141179760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136857600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2538731520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2538731520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        14053414410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13383633060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10993995000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11581522500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28184278020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          28074230685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.104709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.273491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4566720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4566720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    117470161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            117470161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     70691174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            70691174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    188161335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           188161335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71355                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71355                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4565632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2748096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4566720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      404                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2131                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38875049000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71355                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  46207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   5117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   7471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   7694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   7803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   7910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   7986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        28649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.269503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.144210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   239.441373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9289     32.42%     32.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6626     23.13%     55.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8151     28.45%     84.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1127      3.93%     87.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          783      2.73%     90.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          635      2.22%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          496      1.73%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          406      1.42%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1136      3.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        28649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.285249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.390451                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7676     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.590288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.366016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.189988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7192     93.63%     93.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           142      1.85%     95.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          118      1.54%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          229      2.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2867462598                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4205050098                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    40195.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               58945.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      117.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       70.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   117.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    70.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55723                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29901                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    340129.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10523326500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1297920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27048009250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              112855680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              103640040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               61578000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               56549625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             282804600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273195000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141147360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137032560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2538731520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2538731520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14109376725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13456365345                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10944899250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11517716250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28191393135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          28083230340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.287948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.505213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    117002618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            117002618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70574288                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            70574288                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    187576906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           187576906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4548160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4548608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      420                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2417                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38874832000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  45586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   4464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   7401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   7631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   7724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   7863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   7909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        28258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   258.006653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.261950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.119030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8964     31.72%     31.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6652     23.54%     55.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8021     28.38%     83.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1149      4.07%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          820      2.90%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          580      2.05%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          483      1.71%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          447      1.58%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1142      4.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        28258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.301991                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.505063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7630     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.613541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.379335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.240619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7118     93.22%     93.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           170      2.23%     95.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           96      1.26%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          252      3.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2941210832                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             4273679582                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    41387.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               60137.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      116.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       70.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   117.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    70.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55624                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30042                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    341183.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10542026250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1297920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27029287500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              110950560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              102604320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               60538500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               55984500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             280963800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272703600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140803920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136890000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2538731520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2538731520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13919941215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13306123890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11111057250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11649493500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          28162986765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          28062531330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.557549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.973102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              432148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 32                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 319                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3307377                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 26.429664                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.270628                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                14.189213                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     2314361     69.98%     69.98% |      949506     28.71%     98.68% |       26730      0.81%     99.49% |       10764      0.33%     99.82% |        3811      0.12%     99.93% |        1901      0.06%     99.99% |         254      0.01%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3307377                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     11996059                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.945712                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.698907                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.157042                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     4961484     41.36%     41.36% |     6082316     50.70%     92.06% |      827937      6.90%     98.96% |       82107      0.68%     99.65% |       15971      0.13%     99.78% |       10627      0.09%     99.87% |        9386      0.08%     99.95% |        5050      0.04%     99.99% |         852      0.01%    100.00% |         329      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      11996059                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            11996056                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              11.709315                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.632538                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             57.441220                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    11968498     99.77%     99.77% |       19460      0.16%     99.93% |        6958      0.06%     99.99% |        1006      0.01%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              11996056                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        11374095                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000444                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000384                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.021081                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11369041     99.96%     99.96% |        5053      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          11374095                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         621961                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        170.972551                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       119.862088                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       192.060305                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      594403     95.57%     95.57% |       19460      3.13%     98.70% |        6958      1.12%     99.82% |        1006      0.16%     99.98% |         121      0.02%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           621961                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          79079                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        79079                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           13                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           14                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7938330                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8317146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3386138                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3507340                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       107922                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18760                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55080                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1418363                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43356                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5948                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14657                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20605                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles          823                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15489                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21781                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles          893                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6312                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15470                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles          929                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15351                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21613                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles          886                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15490                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21781                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles          932                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15351                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21613                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles          870                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6488                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15966                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles          925                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5772                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19933                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles          807                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52834                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        14418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19338                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17591                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8619                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        12514                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7947                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9010                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17899                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19473                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16375                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19469                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7913                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15957                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7641                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16548                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          349                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      5910863                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      5910863                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5995022                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5910863                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2581021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2578019                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      5910863                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.076023                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2154249                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2154249                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2185646                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2154249                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1153199                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1146445                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2154249                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.027707                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1546658                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1546658                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1573680                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1546658                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity       612780                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity       607394                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1546658                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.019892                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1212493                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1212493                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1237426                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1212493                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       510982                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       509149                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1212493                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.015595                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1709278                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1709278                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1733246                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1709278                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       876602                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       867770                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1709278                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.021984                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1705698                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1705698                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1731375                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1705698                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       861441                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       856794                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1705698                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.021938                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2208415                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2208415                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2244719                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2208415                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       803479                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       799667                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2208415                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028404                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1236058                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1236058                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1261814                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1236058                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507933                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506562                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1236058                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.015898                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       799029                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       799029                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       814393                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       799029                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       370540                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363397                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       799029                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010277                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1124360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1124360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1141720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1124360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       563372                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       558020                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1124360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.014461                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       748860                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       748860                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       755476                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       748860                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       312451                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       312272                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       748860                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.009631                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       661768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       661768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       664345                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       661768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       263474                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       263364                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       661768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008511                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       989954                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       989954                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity       993545                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity       989954                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474463                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474330                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       989954                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.012732                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       700309                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       700309                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       703424                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       700309                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       285932                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       285793                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       700309                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.009007                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       411632                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       411632                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       413629                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       411632                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       160906                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       160836                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       411632                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.005294                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       612491                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       612491                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       616237                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       612491                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       241850                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       241699                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       612491                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.007878                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1023244                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1023244                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1032941                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1023244                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       368933                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       368744                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1023244                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013161                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       687836                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       687836                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       693779                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       687836                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259599                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       259472                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       687836                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.008847                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       651298                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       651298                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       657262                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       651298                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259354                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       259170                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       651298                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.008377                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       403490                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       403490                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       405876                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       403490                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       159261                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       159138                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       403490                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.005190                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       387079                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       387079                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       387540                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       387079                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       190368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       190359                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       387079                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.004978                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       520689                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       520689                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       521323                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       520689                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       260430                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       260397                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       520689                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.006697                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       409734                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       409734                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       410436                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       409734                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       189178                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       189158                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       409734                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.005270                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       262119                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       262119                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262119                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262119                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       109323                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       109323                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       262119                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003371                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       331517                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       331517                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       331954                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       331517                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       138466                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       138461                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       331517                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004264                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       472047                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       472047                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       472649                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       472047                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       231020                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       230999                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       472047                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.006071                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       389030                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       389030                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       389727                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       389030                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       173375                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       173346                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       389030                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.005004                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       261827                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       261827                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       261827                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       261827                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       107899                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       107899                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       261827                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1431198                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1431198                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1471302                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1431198                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       599187                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       598370                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1431198                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.018407                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1402272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1402272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1427754                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1402272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       567434                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       566728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1402272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018035                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1447314                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1447314                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1479988                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1447314                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       583643                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       582838                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1447314                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.018615                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1490818                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1490818                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1524494                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1490818                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       611344                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       610322                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1490818                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.019174                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2655691     28.25%     28.25% |     6214618     66.11%     94.37% |      529426      5.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9399735                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2655691     28.25%     28.25% |     6214618     66.11%     94.37% |      529426      5.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9399735                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    76229079                       |   146008925                       |    11219525                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |     8415975                       |    29067844                       |      529433                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   28.704047                       |   23.494433                       |   21.191866                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.169034                       |    4.677334                       |    1.000013                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    24.836608                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.044077                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         28.880685                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001867                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.040918      7.12%      7.12% |    0.040280      7.01%     14.12% |    0.040793      7.10%     21.22% |    0.040219      7.00%     28.21% |    0.094336     16.41%     44.62% |    0.095715     16.65%     61.27% |    0.094286     16.40%     77.67% |    0.095685     16.64%     94.31% |    0.008176      1.42%     95.73% |    0.008183      1.42%     97.15% |    0.008183      1.42%     98.58% |    0.008180      1.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.574954                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.014189                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028806                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000751                       |    0.000797                       |    0.000793                       |    0.000788                       |    0.000795                       |    0.000788                       |    0.000819                       |    0.000725                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005531                       |    0.001894                       |    0.001663                       |    0.001822                       |    0.001710                       |    0.001717                       |    0.001641                       |    0.001661                       |    0.001690                       |    0.001764                       |    0.001903                       |    0.001915                       |    0.001771                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001629                       |    0.001656                       |    0.001826                       |    0.001708                       |    0.001714                       |    0.001767                       |    0.001800                       |    0.001915                       |    0.001737                       |    0.001731                       |    0.001756                       |    0.001726                       |    0.001683                       |    0.001751                       |    0.001910                       |    0.001863                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002158                       |    0.005631                       |    0.005477                       |    0.005480                       |    0.005458                       |    0.000309                       |           0                       |    0.000310                       |    0.001340                       |    0.000127                       |    0.000132                       |    0.000126                       |    0.000133                       |    0.000128                       |    0.000132                       |    0.000130                       |    0.000122                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001716                       |    0.000313                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002109                       |    0.000841                       |    0.001230                       |    0.001593                       |    0.000130                       |    0.001729                       |    0.004431                       |    0.001162                       |           0                       |    0.001810                       |    0.003858                       |           0                       |    0.003631                       |    0.007408                       |    0.001700                       |    0.001129                       |    0.001568                       |    0.000127                       |    0.003393                       |    0.002870                       |    0.010805                       |    0.001195                       |    0.001709                       |    0.000132                       |    0.007467                       |    0.002865                       |    0.002226                       |           0                       |    0.001703                       |    0.003714                       |           0                       |    0.007298                       |    0.003184                       |    0.002135                       |           0                       |    0.001723                       |           0                       |    0.003670                       |    0.001578                       |    0.001540                       |           0                       |    0.001662                       |           0                       |    0.001756                       |    0.000846                       |           0                       |    0.001794                       |           0                       |    0.001141                       |    0.001915                       |    0.001847                       |    0.001091                       |    0.001585                       |    0.000122                       |    0.001898                       |    0.003694                       |    0.004233                       |    0.001838                       |    0.001192                       |    0.001603                       |    0.000126                       |    0.003042                       |    0.007592                       |    0.005888                       |    0.002541                       |    0.037175                       |    0.004613                       |    0.000310                       |    0.002476                       |    0.012277                       |    0.015799                       |    0.003372                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001762                       |    0.001340                       |    0.002675                       |    0.006717                       |    0.012088                       |    0.003124                       |    0.001183                       |    0.001584                       |    0.000133                       |    0.004160                       |    0.004874                       |    0.006950                       |    0.003054                       |           0                       |    0.001633                       |           0                       |    0.001657                       |    0.003497                       |    0.003406                       |    0.002540                       |           0                       |    0.001628                       |           0                       |    0.000930                       |    0.001726                       |    0.001787                       |           0                       |    0.001645                       |           0                       |    0.000247                       |    0.001737                       |    0.001640                       |           0                       |    0.001734                       |           0                       |    0.001180                       |    0.001685                       |    0.003504                       |    0.001529                       |           0                       |    0.001886                       |    0.003717                       |           0                       |    0.001145                       |    0.003612                       |    0.006710                       |    0.001547                       |    0.001193                       |    0.001538                       |    0.000128                       |    0.017966                       |    0.003381                       |    0.002258                       |    0.001940                       |    0.001183                       |    0.001587                       |    0.000132                       |    0.001573                       |    0.007338                       |    0.002509                       |    0.001576                       |           0                       |    0.001904                       |    0.003706                       |           0                       |    0.001580                       |    0.007349                       |    0.003034                       |    0.001601                       |           0                       |    0.001622                       |           0                       |    0.000746                       |    0.003433                       |    0.001534                       |    0.001672                       |           0                       |    0.001611                       |           0                       |    0.000093                       |    0.001683                       |    0.001617                       |           0                       |    0.001640                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001731                       |           0                       |    0.001529                       |           0                       |    0.000541                       |           0                       |    0.003224                       |           0                       |    0.001547                       |           0                       |    0.001673                       |    0.000406                       |    0.004253                       |           0                       |    0.001940                       |           0                       |    0.008420                       |    0.001452                       |    0.001348                       |           0                       |    0.001576                       |           0                       |    0.000585                       |    0.005141                       |    0.001544                       |           0                       |    0.001601                       |           0                       |    0.002561                       |    0.004214                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001672                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003517                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001617                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001751                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.574954                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4080031                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4080031                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2668798                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2112751                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     79.164890                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          280821                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8750538                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48175                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5010125                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44410                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8798713                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5054535                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13760663                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92585                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13853248                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3514255                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3523698                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3514255                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3523698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 74217895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13443771                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               24179143                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4080031                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2393572                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              56062595                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          580956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       246410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       310903                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3513602                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     70652281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.623163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         62557832     88.54%     88.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1019700      1.44%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           643668      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           737748      1.04%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           607614      0.86%     92.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           677756      0.96%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           611384      0.87%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           352597      0.50%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3443982      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     70652281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.054974                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.325786                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8401172                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      55815395                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4132490                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2012739                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       41429262                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9287912                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30396067                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5782222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5181373                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      19714222                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       40403661                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1481735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     46631956                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      97923639                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     61236504                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      36760151                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9871797                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          13759108                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4462684                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5215671                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       407333                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       259408                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           39377806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       195011                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          41675447                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168661                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7261166                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11761153                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54470                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     70652281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.589867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     54825047     77.60%     77.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      5781568      8.18%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3030736      4.29%     90.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2692286      3.81%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1909385      2.70%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1054900      1.49%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861500      1.22%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300363      0.43%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196496      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     70652281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92702     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631279     79.09%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74150      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174126      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      27453339     65.87%     66.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.13%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8887510     21.33%     87.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5083412     12.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       41675447                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.561528                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798131                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.019151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    154969912                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     46840879                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36194499                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       42299424                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       573731                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133137                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2519                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431682                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5122513                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4296614                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24801531                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     39572817                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4462684                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5215671                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       186148                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          79688                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      41265340                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8743879                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13759716                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3003686                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5015837                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.556003                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               36261034                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              36194519                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          20575178                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          33305914                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.487679                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.617763                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7447087                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       140541                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69486081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.461869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57639587     82.95%     82.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4215023      6.07%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3523680      5.07%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1416891      2.04%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       787047      1.13%     97.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250828      0.36%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355252      0.51%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335619      0.48%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       962154      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69486081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     18234135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       32093461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                8113533                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3329544                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2670479                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          31809198                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       207147                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81999      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     23823634     74.23%     74.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     74.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.16%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3329544     10.37%     85.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4783989     14.91%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     32093461                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        962154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            108002332                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            80251469                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3565614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            18234135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              32093461                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.070272                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.070272                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.245684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.245684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         63500758                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        27937749                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15368879                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13114440                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        20335528                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean                554759500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            554759500.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-3.35544e+07               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1603939                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        28.243747                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.945289                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       17.661145                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1069147     66.66%     66.66% |      492881     30.73%     97.39% |       25337      1.58%     98.97% |       10596      0.66%     99.63% |        3781      0.24%     99.86% |        1897      0.12%     99.98% |         252      0.02%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1603939                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1674088                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.783569                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.702176                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.577510                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1219303     72.83%     72.83% |      453186     27.07%     99.90% |        1393      0.08%     99.99% |         168      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1674088                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         29350                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.183612                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.005082                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        6.927292                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         455      1.55%      1.55% |        5478     18.66%     20.21% |       13742     46.82%     67.04% |        6236     21.25%     88.28% |        3361     11.45%     99.73% |          75      0.26%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           29350                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3544614                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           18.685957                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.982707                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          90.475984                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3521328     99.34%     99.34% |       15546      0.44%     99.78% |        6661      0.19%     99.97% |         950      0.03%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3544614                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3277911                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000921                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000795                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.030329                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3274893     99.91%     99.91% |        3018      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3277911                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       266703                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     211.462766                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    129.180522                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    261.931846                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      243417     91.27%     91.27% |       15546      5.83%     97.10% |        6661      2.50%     99.60% |         950      0.36%     99.95% |         116      0.04%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        266703                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4806424                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           10.949218                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.594972                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          43.332414                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4785593     99.57%     99.57% |       16779      0.35%     99.92% |        3054      0.06%     99.98% |         640      0.01%     99.99% |         210      0.00%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4806424                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4582088                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000425                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000367                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020620                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4580142     99.96%     99.96% |        1945      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4582088                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224336                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     173.304204                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    144.377126                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    112.161777                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      203505     90.71%     90.71% |       16779      7.48%     98.19% |        3054      1.36%     99.56% |         640      0.29%     99.84% |         210      0.09%     99.93% |          87      0.04%     99.97% |          46      0.02%     99.99% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3507338                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.791165                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.352174                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.892372                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3494871     99.64%     99.64% |       10383      0.30%     99.94% |        1830      0.05%     99.99% |          52      0.00%     99.99% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3507338                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3386138                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001087                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3386134    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3386138                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.771906                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.491106                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.457611                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      108733     89.71%     89.71% |       10383      8.57%     98.28% |        1830      1.51%     99.79% |          52      0.04%     99.83% |          93      0.08%     99.91% |          93      0.08%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.433061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.784887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.423759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134835     98.87%     98.87% |        1189      0.87%     99.74% |         324      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126609     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.596096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.988000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.595509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     84.06%     84.06% |        1189     12.28%     96.34% |         324      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8946                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       208162                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        15133                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    20012                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    19703                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    19671                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    19833                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    19723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    20405                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    18184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   1830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1828                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2137                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2001                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   2007                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1949                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   2107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   1808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     1649                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     1741                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     1793                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     1735                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     1790                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     1734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     1820                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     1610                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                20664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                21840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                21840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                21672                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                21840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                21672                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                22512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                19992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  236618                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  219574                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  252206                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  221208                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  250191                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  221020                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  304213                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  257560                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   17712                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   18720                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   18720                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   18576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   18720                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   18576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   19296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   17136                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   2952                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   3120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   3120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   3096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   3120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   3096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   2856                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                16153                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                17163                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                16891                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                16867                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                17004                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                16913                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                17496                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                15594                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               1559                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1557                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1829                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1709                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               1716                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1663                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1800                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1542                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2681                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2849                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2812                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2804                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2829                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2810                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2909                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2590                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               271                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               271                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               308                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               292                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               291                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               286                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               307                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               266                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      123                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      130                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      130                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      129                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      130                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      129                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      134                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      119                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 993178                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 998032                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 996641                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                 996358                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 998573                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 994087                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 992172                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 990525                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    5904                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    6240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    6240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    6192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    6240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    6192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    6432                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    5712                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                923477                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                930783                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                925230                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                928466                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                930706                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                929051                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                913164                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                924936                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             127920                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             135200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             134160                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             134160                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             139360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             123760                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               562645                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               571560                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               599787                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               564781                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               571573                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               561193                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               643276                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               573874                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           923477                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           930783                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           925230                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           928466                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           930706                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           929051                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           913164                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           924936                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        127920                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135200                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        135200                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        134160                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135200                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        134160                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        139360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        123760                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          532488                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          542871                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          567812                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          536088                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          547072                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          538118                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          609482                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          539379                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             980938                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             985505                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             985721                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             983897                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             987442                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             982634                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             981553                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             979793                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              3765                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              6073                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              4693                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              5799                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              3896                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              9070                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              6251                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              6932                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739450                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          76739447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          76739452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          76739449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          76739457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          76739455                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          76739469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          76739465                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           570307                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           573960                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           577743                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           566338                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           550606                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles           554422                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           523555                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles           589340                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               987                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1253                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1169                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1826                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1949                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1903                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1901                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1919                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1905                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1971                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1759                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              6925                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              7175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              6522                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              7165                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              6746                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              7107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              6780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              6580                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           93147                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           93326                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          111236                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles           89813                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          112864                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           94073                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          137488                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          105404                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73236     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38910     25.91%     25.91% |       37094     24.70%     50.61% |       37116     24.72%     75.33% |       37046     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73261     25.53%     25.53% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.24% |       71071     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287004                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44721     25.78%     25.78% |       42916     24.74%     50.53% |       42940     24.76%     75.28% |       42868     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26134     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26047     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104046                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73236     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36885     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26134     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26047     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104046                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73236     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.23% |       71071     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286979                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36884     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3398928     95.84%     95.84% |          10      0.00%     95.84% |       17725      0.50%     96.34% |       18732      0.53%     96.87% |       18720      0.53%     97.40% |       18576      0.52%     97.92% |       18733      0.53%     98.45% |       18576      0.52%     98.97% |       19309      0.54%     99.52% |       17136      0.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3546445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3507400    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3507400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4922925     99.51%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |        2893      0.06%     99.57% |        3061      0.06%     99.63% |        3062      0.06%     99.69% |        3037      0.06%     99.76% |        3061      0.06%     99.82% |        3037      0.06%     99.88% |        3158      0.06%     99.94% |        2797      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4947031                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13039     58.76%     58.76% |          10      0.05%     58.80% |        1051      4.74%     63.54% |        1352      6.09%     69.63% |        1098      4.95%     74.58% |        1123      5.06%     79.64% |        1224      5.52%     85.15% |        1122      5.06%     90.21% |        1153      5.20%     95.40% |        1020      4.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        22192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499124     80.88%     80.88% |           0      0.00%     80.88% |       14181      2.30%     83.18% |       15015      2.43%     85.61% |       14958      2.42%     88.04% |       14839      2.40%     90.44% |       15014      2.43%     92.87% |       14839      2.40%     95.28% |       15492      2.51%     97.79% |       13651      2.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       617113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         122     11.94%     11.94% |         130     12.72%     24.66% |         129     12.62%     37.28% |         129     12.62%     49.90% |         131     12.82%     62.72% |         129     12.62%     75.34% |         133     13.01%     88.36% |         119     11.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |         731     11.91%     11.99% |         779     12.70%     24.69% |         778     12.68%     37.37% |         773     12.60%     49.97% |         779     12.70%     62.66% |         774     12.61%     75.28% |         803     13.09%     88.36% |         714     11.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         6136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161485     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       11829      4.55%     66.69% |       12500      4.81%     71.50% |       12478      4.80%     76.30% |       12384      4.77%     81.07% |       12506      4.81%     85.88% |       12384      4.77%     90.65% |       12885      4.96%     95.60% |       11426      4.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         737     12.01%     12.09% |         779     12.70%     24.79% |         780     12.71%     37.50% |         774     12.61%     50.11% |         772     12.58%     62.70% |         774     12.61%     75.31% |         803     13.09%     88.40% |         712     11.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         6136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338513     95.11%     95.11% |           0      0.00%     95.11% |        2091      0.59%     95.70% |        2210      0.62%     96.32% |        2212      0.62%     96.94% |        2193      0.62%     97.55% |        2212      0.62%     98.18% |        2193      0.62%     98.79% |        2278      0.64%     99.43% |        2023      0.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       355925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377363     78.31%     78.31% |           0      0.00%     78.31% |       12584      2.61%     80.92% |       13199      2.74%     83.66% |       13297      2.76%     86.42% |       13192      2.74%     89.15% |       13196      2.74%     91.89% |       13191      2.74%     94.63% |       13744      2.85%     97.48% |       12134      2.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       481900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      162002     60.78%     60.78% |          10      0.00%     60.78% |       12566      4.71%     65.50% |       13279      4.98%     70.48% |       13260      4.97%     75.45% |       13158      4.94%     80.39% |       13280      4.98%     85.37% |       13158      4.94%     90.31% |       13688      5.14%     95.45% |       12138      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       266539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216629     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2091      0.89%     93.46% |        2210      0.94%     94.40% |        2210      0.94%     95.34% |        2193      0.94%     96.28% |        2210      0.94%     97.23% |        2193      0.94%     98.16% |        2278      0.97%     99.14% |        2023      0.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       234037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002     55.58%     55.58% |           0      0.00%     55.58% |        1051      5.31%     60.89% |        1125      5.68%     66.57% |        1098      5.55%     72.12% |        1123      5.67%     77.79% |        1104      5.58%     83.37% |        1122      5.67%     89.03% |        1151      5.81%     94.85% |        1020      5.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         164    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         607    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         383     23.70%     23.70% |           0      0.00%     23.70% |         119      7.36%     31.06% |         245     15.16%     46.23% |         126      7.80%     54.02% |         126      7.80%     61.82% |         249     15.41%     77.23% |         124      7.67%     84.90% |         130      8.04%     92.95% |         114      7.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3386138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3386138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1362     99.63%     99.63% |           5      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458     90.89%     90.89% |           0      0.00%     90.89% |        1442      1.09%     91.98% |        1533      1.16%     93.14% |        1535      1.16%     94.30% |        1521      1.15%     95.44% |        1533      1.16%     96.60% |        1524      1.15%     97.75% |        1580      1.19%     98.94% |        1401      1.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1693076     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |        5146      0.30%     97.82% |        5441      0.31%     98.14% |        5460      0.31%     98.45% |        5418      0.31%     98.76% |        5440      0.31%     99.08% |        5418      0.31%     99.39% |        5608      0.32%     99.71% |        4998      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1736005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26144    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         476     63.05%     63.05% |           5      0.66%     63.71% |           0      0.00%     63.71% |         167     22.12%     85.83% |           0      0.00%     85.83% |           0      0.00%     85.83% |         105     13.91%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           2      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134781     60.23%     60.23% |           0      0.00%     60.23% |       10708      4.78%     65.01% |       11256      5.03%     70.04% |       11325      5.06%     75.10% |       11222      5.01%     80.12% |       11226      5.02%     85.14% |       11220      5.01%     90.15% |       11708      5.23%     95.38% |       10337      4.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       223783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         731     11.93%     11.93% |         779     12.71%     24.64% |         778     12.69%     37.33% |         772     12.60%     49.93% |         779     12.71%     62.64% |         774     12.63%     75.27% |         802     13.09%     88.35% |         714     11.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1531345    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1531345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4677204     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |         802      0.02%     99.87% |         851      0.02%     99.89% |         852      0.02%     99.91% |         844      0.02%     99.93% |         851      0.02%     99.95% |         844      0.02%     99.96% |         880      0.02%     99.98% |         774      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4683902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199     72.63%     72.63% |           0      0.00%     72.63% |           0      0.00%     72.63% |          60     21.90%     94.53% |           0      0.00%     94.53% |           0      0.00%     94.53% |          15      5.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242582     93.98%     93.98% |           0      0.00%     93.98% |        1876      0.73%     94.71% |        1943      0.75%     95.46% |        1972      0.76%     96.22% |        1970      0.76%     96.99% |        1970      0.76%     97.75% |        1971      0.76%     98.52% |        2036      0.79%     99.30% |        1797      0.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       258117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         122     11.94%     11.94% |         130     12.72%     24.66% |         129     12.62%     37.28% |         129     12.62%     49.90% |         131     12.82%     62.72% |         129     12.62%     75.34% |         133     13.01%     88.36% |         119     11.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     85.86%     85.86% |           0      0.00%     85.86% |          36      3.39%     89.26% |          38      3.58%     92.84% |           0      0.00%     92.84% |           0      0.00%     92.84% |          36      3.39%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |          38      3.58%     99.81% |           2      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161485     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       11829      4.55%     66.69% |       12500      4.81%     71.50% |       12478      4.80%     76.30% |       12384      4.77%     81.07% |       12506      4.81%     85.88% |       12384      4.77%     90.65% |       12885      4.96%     95.60% |       11426      4.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         737     12.01%     12.09% |         779     12.70%     24.79% |         780     12.71%     37.50% |         774     12.61%     50.11% |         772     12.58%     62.70% |         774     12.61%     75.31% |         803     13.09%     88.40% |         712     11.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         6136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121881    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       121885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216632     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2091      0.89%     93.46% |        2210      0.94%     94.40% |        2210      0.94%     95.34% |        2193      0.94%     96.28% |        2210      0.94%     97.23% |        2193      0.94%     98.16% |        2278      0.97%     99.14% |        2023      0.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       234040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     97.21%     97.21% |           0      0.00%     97.21% |          13      0.71%     97.92% |          12      0.66%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |          13      0.71%     99.29% |           0      0.00%     99.29% |          13      0.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1831                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377363     78.31%     78.31% |           0      0.00%     78.31% |       12584      2.61%     80.92% |       13199      2.74%     83.66% |       13297      2.76%     86.42% |       13191      2.74%     89.15% |       13196      2.74%     91.89% |       13191      2.74%     94.63% |       13743      2.85%     97.48% |       12134      2.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       481898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3742      3.09%      3.09% |        3665      3.02%      6.11% |        3399      2.80%      8.91% |        3426      2.83%     11.74% |        3476      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3696      3.05%     20.94% |        3241      2.67%     23.62% |        3449      2.85%     26.46% |        4983      4.11%     30.57% |        3814      3.15%     33.72% |        3726      3.07%     36.79% |        3457      2.85%     39.64% |        4231      3.49%     43.13% |        3787      3.12%     46.26% |        3679      3.04%     49.29% |        4083      3.37%     52.66% |        4070      3.36%     56.02% |        3569      2.94%     58.96% |        3273      2.70%     61.67% |        2997      2.47%     64.14% |        3582      2.96%     67.09% |        3429      2.83%     69.92% |        3307      2.73%     72.65% |        3551      2.93%     75.58% |        3610      2.98%     78.56% |        3123      2.58%     81.13% |        4574      3.77%     84.91% |        3905      3.22%     88.13% |        5094      4.20%     92.33% |        4948      4.08%     96.41% |        4347      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121213                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       47055     17.64%     17.64% |        7805      2.93%     20.57% |        6459      2.42%     22.99% |        7341      2.75%     25.74% |        6720      2.52%     28.26% |        6505      2.44%     30.70% |        6110      2.29%     32.99% |        6267      2.35%     35.34% |        6549      2.46%     37.80% |        6587      2.47%     40.27% |        8658      3.25%     43.51% |        9133      3.42%     46.94% |        7706      2.89%     49.83% |        6417      2.41%     52.23% |        5930      2.22%     54.46% |        6307      2.36%     56.82% |       10302      3.86%     60.68% |        6553      2.46%     63.14% |        6865      2.57%     65.72% |        6962      2.61%     68.33% |        7220      2.71%     71.03% |        7630      2.86%     73.89% |        6633      2.49%     76.38% |        6613      2.48%     78.86% |        6568      2.46%     81.32% |        6505      2.44%     83.76% |        6313      2.37%     86.13% |        5999      2.25%     88.38% |        7135      2.68%     91.05% |        6419      2.41%     93.46% |        7236      2.71%     96.17% |       10205      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       266707                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       16455      7.03%      7.03% |        7764      3.32%     10.35% |        6297      2.69%     13.04% |        7488      3.20%     16.24% |        6630      2.83%     19.07% |        6564      2.80%     21.88% |        6154      2.63%     24.50% |        6641      2.84%     27.34% |        6550      2.80%     30.14% |        6171      2.64%     32.78% |        6867      2.93%     35.71% |        6636      2.84%     38.55% |        6428      2.75%     41.29% |        6805      2.91%     44.20% |        6091      2.60%     46.80% |        6162      2.63%     49.44% |        6747      2.88%     52.32% |        6259      2.67%     54.99% |        6425      2.75%     57.74% |        7279      3.11%     60.85% |        7682      3.28%     64.13% |        8265      3.53%     67.66% |        7093      3.03%     70.69% |        7145      3.05%     73.75% |        7274      3.11%     76.85% |        6898      2.95%     79.80% |        6938      2.96%     82.77% |        6964      2.98%     85.74% |        8431      3.60%     89.34% |        7567      3.23%     92.58% |        9124      3.90%     96.48% |        8249      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       234043                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       56732     11.77%     11.77% |       15390      3.19%     14.97% |       12598      2.61%     17.58% |       14652      3.04%     20.62% |       13182      2.74%     23.36% |       12565      2.61%     25.96% |       12094      2.51%     28.47% |       12754      2.65%     31.12% |       12950      2.69%     33.81% |       12612      2.62%     36.42% |       15363      3.19%     39.61% |       15616      3.24%     42.85% |       13987      2.90%     45.76% |       13070      2.71%     48.47% |       11855      2.46%     50.93% |       12311      2.55%     53.48% |       10366      2.15%     55.63% |       12638      2.62%     58.26% |       13073      2.71%     60.97% |       14058      2.92%     63.89% |       14734      3.06%     66.94% |       15705      3.26%     70.20% |       13552      2.81%     73.01% |       13587      2.82%     75.83% |       13669      2.84%     78.67% |       13231      2.75%     81.42% |       13081      2.71%     84.13% |       12792      2.65%     86.78% |       15396      3.19%     89.98% |       13818      2.87%     92.85% |       16191      3.36%     96.21% |       18280      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       481902                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6368      4.27%      4.27% |        4608      3.09%      7.35% |        4629      3.10%     10.45% |        4611      3.09%     13.54% |        4596      3.08%     16.62% |        4608      3.09%     19.71% |        4611      3.09%     22.80% |        4598      3.08%     25.88% |        4613      3.09%     28.97% |        4619      3.09%     32.06% |        4619      3.09%     35.16% |        4612      3.09%     38.25% |        4596      3.08%     41.33% |        4607      3.09%     44.41% |        4600      3.08%     47.49% |        4601      3.08%     50.58% |        4634      3.10%     53.68% |        4609      3.09%     56.77% |        4625      3.10%     59.87% |        4615      3.09%     62.96% |        4607      3.09%     66.04% |        4627      3.10%     69.14% |        4611      3.09%     72.23% |        4608      3.09%     75.32% |        4622      3.10%     78.42% |        4620      3.10%     81.51% |        4614      3.09%     84.60% |        4604      3.08%     87.69% |        4607      3.09%     90.77% |        4591      3.08%     93.85% |        4593      3.08%     96.93% |        4588      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       149271                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3365      3.23%      3.23% |        3272      3.14%      6.37% |        3301      3.17%      9.53% |        3267      3.13%     12.67% |        3273      3.14%     15.81% |        3238      3.11%     18.92% |        3246      3.11%     22.03% |        3246      3.11%     25.14% |        3250      3.12%     28.26% |        3285      3.15%     31.41% |        3297      3.16%     34.58% |        3262      3.13%     37.71% |        3277      3.14%     40.85% |        3272      3.14%     43.99% |        3275      3.14%     47.13% |        3245      3.11%     50.24% |        3256      3.12%     53.37% |        3250      3.12%     56.49% |        3250      3.12%     59.60% |        3218      3.09%     62.69% |        3238      3.11%     65.80% |        3222      3.09%     68.89% |        3239      3.11%     72.00% |        3214      3.08%     75.08% |        3260      3.13%     78.21% |        3290      3.16%     81.36% |        3276      3.14%     84.51% |        3218      3.09%     87.59% |        3256      3.12%     90.72% |        3245      3.11%     93.83% |        3218      3.09%     96.92% |        3212      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       104233                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10843      3.78%      3.78% |        8925      3.11%      6.89% |        8974      3.13%     10.02% |        8923      3.11%     13.12% |        8913      3.11%     16.23% |        8891      3.10%     19.33% |        8901      3.10%     22.43% |        8888      3.10%     25.53% |        8907      3.10%     28.63% |        8948      3.12%     31.75% |        8960      3.12%     34.87% |        8918      3.11%     37.98% |        8917      3.11%     41.09% |        8923      3.11%     44.20% |        8919      3.11%     47.30% |        8890      3.10%     50.40% |        8934      3.11%     53.51% |        8903      3.10%     56.62% |        8918      3.11%     59.72% |        8877      3.09%     62.82% |        8889      3.10%     65.91% |        8893      3.10%     69.01% |        8894      3.10%     72.11% |        8866      3.09%     75.20% |        8926      3.11%     78.31% |        8954      3.12%     81.43% |        8934      3.11%     84.55% |        8865      3.09%     87.63% |        8907      3.10%     90.74% |        8880      3.09%     93.83% |        8855      3.09%     96.92% |        8844      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7895      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7865      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          52     18.64%     18.64% |           3      1.08%     19.71% |           6      2.15%     21.86% |           5      1.79%     23.66% |           4      1.43%     25.09% |           4      1.43%     26.52% |           3      1.08%     27.60% |           7      2.51%     30.11% |           5      1.79%     31.90% |           6      2.15%     34.05% |           5      1.79%     35.84% |           4      1.43%     37.28% |           6      2.15%     39.43% |           4      1.43%     40.86% |           5      1.79%     42.65% |           2      0.72%     43.37% |           3      1.08%     44.44% |           9      3.23%     47.67% |          13      4.66%     52.33% |          10      3.58%     55.91% |           8      2.87%     58.78% |          12      4.30%     63.08% |          14      5.02%     68.10% |           9      3.23%     71.33% |          10      3.58%     74.91% |           9      3.23%     78.14% |          11      3.94%     82.08% |          11      3.94%     86.02% |          11      3.94%     89.96% |           9      3.23%     93.19% |          11      3.94%     97.13% |           8      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          279                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        3064     49.98%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |        3067     50.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         6131                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2204     50.07%     50.07% |           1      0.02%     50.09% |           1      0.02%     50.11% |           1      0.02%     50.14% |           0      0.00%     50.14% |           0      0.00%     50.14% |           1      0.02%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           1      0.02%     50.18% |           0      0.00%     50.18% |           0      0.00%     50.18% |           0      0.00%     50.18% |           0      0.00%     50.18% |           0      0.00%     50.18% |           0      0.00%     50.18% |        2193     49.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4402                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2620     14.96%     14.96% |         373      2.13%     17.09% |         386      2.20%     19.29% |         385      2.20%     21.49% |         392      2.24%     23.73% |         383      2.19%     25.91% |         395      2.26%     28.17% |         397      2.27%     30.44% |         382      2.18%     32.62% |         393      2.24%     34.86% |         422      2.41%     37.27% |         418      2.39%     39.66% |         422      2.41%     42.06% |         421      2.40%     44.47% |         426      2.43%     46.90% |         424      2.42%     49.32% |        2624     14.98%     64.30% |         426      2.43%     66.73% |         421      2.40%     69.14% |         403      2.30%     71.44% |         400      2.28%     73.72% |         409      2.34%     76.06% |         405      2.31%     78.37% |         405      2.31%     80.68% |         433      2.47%     83.15% |         444      2.53%     85.69% |         448      2.56%     88.25% |         413      2.36%     90.60% |         414      2.36%     92.97% |         414      2.36%     95.33% |         411      2.35%     97.68% |         407      2.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17516                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        3064     49.93%     49.93% |           1      0.02%     49.95% |           1      0.02%     49.97% |           1      0.02%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           1      0.02%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      0.02%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |        3067     49.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         6136                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60408     12.23%     12.23% |       15544      3.15%     15.38% |       12750      2.58%     17.96% |       14804      3.00%     20.96% |       13335      2.70%     23.65% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12241      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13096      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.55% |       15512      3.14%     39.69% |       15760      3.19%     42.88% |       14131      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       12003      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.37% |       13974      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13240      2.68%     61.48% |       14226      2.88%     64.36% |       14902      3.02%     67.37% |       15879      3.21%     70.59% |       13722      2.78%     73.37% |       13755      2.78%     76.15% |       13837      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13250      2.68%     84.35% |       12960      2.62%     86.97% |       15564      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493940                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.15% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.36% |         373      3.02%     27.38% |         383      3.10%     30.48% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.33%     40.38% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         413      3.34%     53.60% |         390      3.16%     56.76% |         389      3.15%     59.91% |         370      2.99%     62.90% |         364      2.95%     65.85% |         370      2.99%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.33%     84.62% |         380      3.08%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3809      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3816      3.08%     66.27% |        3801      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124028                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.12% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4722      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2603     15.55%     15.55% |         358      2.14%     17.69% |         373      2.23%     19.92% |         372      2.22%     22.14% |         379      2.26%     24.40% |         368      2.20%     26.60% |         379      2.26%     28.87% |         385      2.30%     31.17% |         370      2.21%     33.38% |         381      2.28%     35.65% |         408      2.44%     38.09% |         406      2.43%     40.52% |         412      2.46%     42.98% |         408      2.44%     45.41% |         410      2.45%     47.86% |         403      2.41%     50.27% |        2604     15.56%     65.83% |         389      2.32%     68.15% |         387      2.31%     70.46% |         367      2.19%     72.66% |         362      2.16%     74.82% |         370      2.21%     77.03% |         371      2.22%     79.25% |         367      2.19%     81.44% |         396      2.37%     83.80% |         407      2.43%     86.24% |         413      2.47%     88.70% |         377      2.25%     90.96% |         379      2.26%     93.22% |         379      2.26%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.77% |         374      2.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16739                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38213     28.13%     28.13% |        3910      2.88%     31.01% |        2559      1.88%     32.89% |        3477      2.56%     35.45% |        2874      2.12%     37.56% |        2338      1.72%     39.28% |        2275      1.67%     40.96% |        2453      1.81%     42.77% |        2722      2.00%     44.77% |        2732      2.01%     46.78% |        4788      3.52%     50.30% |        5325      3.92%     54.22% |        3898      2.87%     57.09% |        2597      1.91%     59.00% |        2099      1.55%     60.55% |        2513      1.85%     62.40% |        3423      2.52%     64.92% |        2743      2.02%     66.94% |        2990      2.20%     69.14% |        3145      2.31%     71.45% |        3404      2.51%     73.96% |        3814      2.81%     76.77% |        2805      2.06%     78.83% |        2818      2.07%     80.91% |        2752      2.03%     82.93% |        2662      1.96%     84.89% |        2505      1.84%     86.73% |        2212      1.63%     88.36% |        3310      2.44%     90.80% |        2620      1.93%     92.73% |        3466      2.55%     95.28% |        6414      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135856                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11236     13.64%     13.64% |        3061      3.72%     17.35% |        1589      1.93%     19.28% |        2771      3.36%     22.64% |        1926      2.34%     24.98% |        1853      2.25%     27.23% |        1444      1.75%     28.98% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.58% |        1460      1.77%     35.35% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.41% |        2102      2.55%     44.96% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1520      1.84%     50.27% |        1549      1.88%     52.15% |        1709      2.07%     54.22% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.95% |        3541      4.30%     65.25% |        2392      2.90%     68.16% |        2437      2.96%     71.11% |        2553      3.10%     74.21% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.56% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.37%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82393                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6357      4.26%      4.26% |        4599      3.08%      7.35% |        4620      3.10%     10.44% |        4603      3.09%     13.53% |        4589      3.08%     16.61% |        4600      3.08%     19.69% |        4605      3.09%     22.78% |        4596      3.08%     25.86% |        4612      3.09%     28.95% |        4618      3.10%     32.05% |        4615      3.09%     35.14% |        4611      3.09%     38.23% |        4595      3.08%     41.31% |        4605      3.09%     44.40% |        4599      3.08%     47.49% |        4600      3.08%     50.57% |        4632      3.11%     53.68% |        4609      3.09%     56.77% |        4622      3.10%     59.87% |        4614      3.09%     62.96% |        4606      3.09%     66.05% |        4621      3.10%     69.15% |        4609      3.09%     72.24% |        4606      3.09%     75.32% |        4619      3.10%     78.42% |        4619      3.10%     81.52% |        4612      3.09%     84.61% |        4601      3.08%     87.69% |        4604      3.09%     90.78% |        4584      3.07%     93.86% |        4585      3.07%     96.93% |        4580      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       149147                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         756      0.87%      0.87% |        2906      3.35%      4.23% |        2919      3.37%      7.60% |        2886      3.33%     10.93% |        2884      3.33%     14.26% |        2859      3.30%     17.56% |        2855      3.30%     20.86% |        2844      3.28%     24.14% |        2864      3.31%     27.45% |        2888      3.33%     30.78% |        2874      3.32%     34.10% |        2841      3.28%     37.38% |        2850      3.29%     40.67% |        2849      3.29%     43.96% |        2845      3.28%     47.24% |        2820      3.26%     50.50% |         631      0.73%     51.23% |        2815      3.25%     54.48% |        2819      3.25%     57.73% |        2806      3.24%     60.97% |        2831      3.27%     64.24% |        2807      3.24%     67.48% |        2822      3.26%     70.74% |        2802      3.23%     73.97% |        2820      3.26%     77.23% |        2838      3.28%     80.50% |        2819      3.25%     83.76% |        2797      3.23%     86.99% |        2834      3.27%     90.26% |        2829      3.27%     93.52% |        2804      3.24%     96.76% |        2805      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        86619                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        3064     49.93%     49.93% |           1      0.02%     49.95% |           1      0.02%     49.97% |           1      0.02%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           1      0.02%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      0.02%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |        3067     49.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         6136                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         511     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |         511     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1022                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       56732     11.77%     11.77% |       15390      3.19%     14.97% |       12598      2.61%     17.58% |       14652      3.04%     20.62% |       13182      2.74%     23.36% |       12565      2.61%     25.96% |       12094      2.51%     28.47% |       12754      2.65%     31.12% |       12950      2.69%     33.81% |       12612      2.62%     36.42% |       15363      3.19%     39.61% |       15616      3.24%     42.85% |       13987      2.90%     45.76% |       13070      2.71%     48.47% |       11855      2.46%     50.93% |       12311      2.55%     53.48% |       10362      2.15%     55.63% |       12638      2.62%     58.26% |       13073      2.71%     60.97% |       14058      2.92%     63.89% |       14734      3.06%     66.94% |       15705      3.26%     70.20% |       13552      2.81%     73.01% |       13587      2.82%     75.83% |       13669      2.84%     78.67% |       13231      2.75%     81.42% |       13081      2.71%     84.13% |       12792      2.65%     86.78% |       15396      3.19%     89.98% |       13818      2.87%     92.85% |       16191      3.36%     96.21% |       18280      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       481898                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.80%      9.80% |           7      6.86%     16.67% |           6      5.88%     22.55% |           6      5.88%     28.43% |           7      6.86%     35.29% |           6      5.88%     41.18% |           3      2.94%     44.12% |           2      1.96%     46.08% |           1      0.98%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           1      0.98%     51.96% |           1      0.98%     52.94% |           2      1.96%     54.90% |           0      0.00%     54.90% |           1      0.98%     55.88% |           2      1.96%     57.84% |           0      0.00%     57.84% |           2      1.96%     59.80% |           1      0.98%     60.78% |           1      0.98%     61.76% |           5      4.90%     66.67% |           2      1.96%     68.63% |           1      0.98%     69.61% |           2      1.96%     71.57% |           1      0.98%     72.55% |           2      1.96%     74.51% |           2      1.96%     76.47% |           3      2.94%     79.41% |           7      6.86%     86.27% |           8      7.84%     94.12% |           6      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           6      0.69%      0.69% |           8      0.91%      1.60% |           9      1.03%      2.63% |           9      1.03%      3.66% |          10      1.14%      4.80% |          11      1.26%      6.06% |          12      1.37%      7.43% |          17      1.94%      9.37% |          16      1.83%     11.20% |          16      1.83%     13.03% |          15      1.71%     14.74% |          15      1.71%     16.46% |          15      1.71%     18.17% |          15      1.71%     19.89% |          20      2.29%     22.17% |          22      2.51%     24.69% |          21      2.40%     27.09% |          46      5.26%     32.34% |          44      5.03%     37.37% |          45      5.14%     42.51% |          45      5.14%     47.66% |          45      5.14%     52.80% |          46      5.26%     58.06% |          45      5.14%     63.20% |          44      5.03%     68.23% |          45      5.14%     73.37% |          44      5.03%     78.40% |          44      5.03%     83.43% |          43      4.91%     88.34% |          37      4.23%     92.57% |          32      3.66%     96.23% |          33      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          875                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     27.27%     27.27% |           3     27.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           3     27.27%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7895      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7865      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     58.62%     58.62% |           1      1.15%     59.77% |           1      1.15%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           0      0.00%     63.22% |           1      1.15%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           2      2.30%     66.67% |           1      1.15%     67.82% |           1      1.15%     68.97% |           2      2.30%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           1      1.15%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           2      2.30%     74.71% |           1      1.15%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           3      3.45%     79.31% |           2      2.30%     81.61% |           1      1.15%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           1      1.15%     86.21% |           2      2.30%     88.51% |           2      2.30%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           2      2.30%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.42%     16.42% |           6      8.96%     25.37% |           5      7.46%     32.84% |           6      8.96%     41.79% |           7     10.45%     52.24% |           4      5.97%     58.21% |           3      4.48%     62.69% |           1      1.49%     64.18% |           1      1.49%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           2      2.99%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           1      1.49%     70.15% |           1      1.49%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           1      1.49%     73.13% |           2      2.99%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           5      7.46%     83.58% |           6      8.96%     92.54% |           5      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      0.53%      0.53% |           1      0.53%      1.07% |           4      2.14%      3.21% |           4      2.14%      5.35% |           4      2.14%      7.49% |           2      1.07%      8.56% |           2      1.07%      9.63% |           6      3.21%     12.83% |           5      2.67%     15.51% |           5      2.67%     18.18% |           3      1.60%     19.79% |           3      1.60%     21.39% |           5      2.67%     24.06% |           2      1.07%     25.13% |           5      2.67%     27.81% |           2      1.07%     28.88% |           2      1.07%     29.95% |           9      4.81%     34.76% |          11      5.88%     40.64% |           9      4.81%     45.45% |           8      4.28%     49.73% |           9      4.81%     54.55% |          12      6.42%     60.96% |           8      4.28%     65.24% |           8      4.28%     69.52% |           8      4.28%     73.80% |           9      4.81%     78.61% |           9      4.81%     83.42% |           8      4.28%     87.70% |           7      3.74%     91.44% |           9      4.81%     96.26% |           7      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          187                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           5      0.73%      0.73% |           7      1.02%      1.74% |           5      0.73%      2.47% |           5      0.73%      3.20% |           6      0.87%      4.07% |           9      1.31%      5.38% |          10      1.45%      6.83% |          11      1.60%      8.43% |          11      1.60%     10.03% |          11      1.60%     11.63% |          12      1.74%     13.37% |          12      1.74%     15.12% |          10      1.45%     16.57% |          13      1.89%     18.46% |          15      2.18%     20.64% |          20      2.91%     23.55% |          19      2.76%     26.31% |          37      5.38%     31.69% |          33      4.80%     36.48% |          36      5.23%     41.72% |          37      5.38%     47.09% |          36      5.23%     52.33% |          34      4.94%     57.27% |          37      5.38%     62.65% |          36      5.23%     67.88% |          37      5.38%     73.26% |          35      5.09%     78.34% |          35      5.09%     83.43% |          35      5.09%     88.52% |          30      4.36%     92.88% |          23      3.34%     96.22% |          26      3.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2204     50.13%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |        2193     49.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         4397                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2603     15.55%     15.55% |         358      2.14%     17.69% |         373      2.23%     19.92% |         372      2.22%     22.14% |         379      2.26%     24.40% |         368      2.20%     26.60% |         379      2.26%     28.87% |         385      2.30%     31.17% |         370      2.21%     33.38% |         381      2.28%     35.65% |         408      2.44%     38.09% |         406      2.43%     40.52% |         412      2.46%     42.98% |         408      2.44%     45.41% |         410      2.45%     47.86% |         403      2.41%     50.27% |        2604     15.56%     65.83% |         389      2.32%     68.15% |         387      2.31%     70.46% |         367      2.19%     72.66% |         362      2.16%     74.82% |         370      2.21%     77.03% |         371      2.22%     79.25% |         367      2.19%     81.44% |         396      2.37%     83.80% |         407      2.43%     86.24% |         413      2.47%     88.70% |         377      2.25%     90.96% |         379      2.26%     93.22% |         379      2.26%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.77% |         374      2.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16739                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3809      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3803      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3816      3.08%     66.27% |        3801      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       124026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.15% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.36% |         373      3.02%     27.38% |         383      3.10%     30.48% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.33%     40.38% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         415      3.36%     53.62% |         390      3.16%     56.78% |         388      3.14%     59.92% |         370      2.99%     62.91% |         364      2.95%     65.86% |         370      2.99%     68.85% |         369      2.99%     71.84% |         367      2.97%     74.81% |         395      3.20%     78.01% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.33%     84.63% |         379      3.07%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.12% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4722      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       60405     12.23%     12.23% |       15538      3.15%     15.38% |       12747      2.58%     17.96% |       14800      3.00%     20.95% |       13335      2.70%     23.65% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12241      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13096      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.55% |       15512      3.14%     39.69% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14128      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       11999      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.37% |       13973      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13229      2.68%     61.47% |       14224      2.88%     64.35% |       14902      3.02%     67.37% |       15878      3.21%     70.59% |       13722      2.78%     73.37% |       13754      2.78%     76.15% |       13836      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13249      2.68%     84.35% |       12958      2.62%     86.97% |       15563      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493896                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        3015     50.63%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |           0      0.00%     50.63% |        2940     49.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5955                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          49     27.84%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |         127     72.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          176                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          49     27.84%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |           0      0.00%     27.84% |         127     72.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          176                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        3015     50.59%     50.59% |           1      0.02%     50.60% |           1      0.02%     50.62% |           1      0.02%     50.64% |           0      0.00%     50.64% |           0      0.00%     50.64% |           1      0.02%     50.65% |           0      0.00%     50.65% |           0      0.00%     50.65% |           1      0.02%     50.67% |           0      0.00%     50.67% |           0      0.00%     50.67% |           0      0.00%     50.67% |           0      0.00%     50.67% |           0      0.00%     50.67% |           0      0.00%     50.67% |        2940     49.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         5960                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       24080     11.56%     11.56% |      104183     50.00%     61.56% |        9910      4.76%     66.31% |       10241      4.91%     71.23% |        9808      4.71%     75.93% |       10364      4.97%     80.91% |        9922      4.76%     85.67% |       10261      4.92%     90.59% |       10110      4.85%     95.45% |        9487      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       208366                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       24080     11.56%     11.56% |      104183     50.00%     61.56% |        9910      4.76%     66.31% |       10241      4.91%     71.23% |        9808      4.71%     75.93% |       10364      4.97%     80.91% |        9922      4.76%     85.67% |       10261      4.92%     90.59% |       10110      4.85%     95.45% |        9487      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       208366                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       24080     11.56%     11.56% |      104183     50.00%     61.56% |        9910      4.76%     66.31% |       10241      4.91%     71.23% |        9808      4.71%     75.93% |       10364      4.97%     80.91% |        9922      4.76%     85.67% |       10261      4.92%     90.59% |       10110      4.85%     95.45% |        9487      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       208366                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       24080     11.56%     11.56% |      104183     50.00%     61.56% |        9910      4.76%     66.31% |       10241      4.91%     71.23% |        9808      4.71%     75.93% |       10364      4.97%     80.91% |        9922      4.76%     85.67% |       10261      4.92%     90.59% |       10110      4.85%     95.45% |        9487      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       208366                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
