
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093256                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93255536500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5269423615000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  52203                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    92103                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              114542989                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5956068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   814.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42501322                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      74986181                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21121280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21121280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11913216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11913216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       330020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             330020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    226488215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            226488215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    127748083                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           127748083                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    354236298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           354236298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     330020                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186144                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   330020                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21118912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11913088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21121280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11913216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     2823                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1830                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  93254974000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               330020                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186144                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 158326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  40955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  30713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  22119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  16315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  12504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   9659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   7326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   5743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   4425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  3560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  2683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  2123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  3228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  33442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  35994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  36544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  36076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   3045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   2113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   3223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       155491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   212.430970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.202694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.289706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49625     31.92%     31.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        46084     29.64%     61.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43065     27.70%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6560      4.22%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3977      2.56%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2085      1.34%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1333      0.86%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          893      0.57%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1869      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       155491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.799834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.712521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        33665     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        33672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.528095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.393176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.580650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          31418     93.31%     93.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1636      4.86%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          303      0.90%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          315      0.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        33672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 12551740476                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            18738921726                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1649915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    38037.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               56787.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      226.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      127.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   226.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   127.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.20                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  248682                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 111941                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               60.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    180669.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15192160250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3113760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    74946469750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              593769960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              581643720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              323981625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              317365125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1291999800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1281719400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604214640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601920720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6090514560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6090514560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        38836131480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        38118430800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21882252000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22511814000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          69622864065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69503408325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.638779                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.357730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20691456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20691456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11492736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11492736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    221879116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            221879116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    123239182                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           123239182                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    345118298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           345118298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323304                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179574                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179574                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20689536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11492544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20691456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11492736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     1584                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1505                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  93254705500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323304                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179574                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 155247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  38306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  29885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  22201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  16752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   9581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   7446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   4407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  3481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  1858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  32352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  34618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  35091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  34975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   3052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   2104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       146685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.389304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.162512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   181.127898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45217     30.83%     30.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41600     28.36%     59.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42913     29.26%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6617      4.51%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4040      2.75%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2136      1.46%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1387      0.95%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          914      0.62%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1861      1.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       146685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32572                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.924690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.794516                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32566     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        32572                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32572                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.513048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.381020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.557761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30378     93.26%     93.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1627      5.00%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          297      0.91%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          270      0.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        32572                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 11990614219                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            18052001719                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1616370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    37091.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               55841.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      221.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      123.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   221.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   123.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  245356                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 110794                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               61.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    185442.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15390988750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3113760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    74743655000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              560248920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              548629200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              305691375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              299351250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1266439200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1254918600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583323120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580264560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6090514560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6090514560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38328261480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37371573765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22327752000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23166951750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69462230655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69312203685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          744.916139                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.307243                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20698176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20698176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11494208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11494208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    221951176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            221951176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    123254966                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           123254966                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    345206142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           345206142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179597                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179597                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20697152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11493952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20698176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11494208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     1947                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1601                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  93255395000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179597                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 155705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  38489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  30073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  22307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  16513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  12575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   9626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   7323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   4358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  3486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  2226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  32349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  34543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  34957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  35023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   2140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       146440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.818410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.468110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   181.425482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45142     30.83%     30.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41062     28.04%     58.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43413     29.65%     88.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6538      4.46%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3926      2.68%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2173      1.48%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1352      0.92%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          986      0.67%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1848      1.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       146440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.933069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.827900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32549     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        32556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.516433                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.383877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.559728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30356     93.24%     93.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1632      5.01%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          302      0.93%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          266      0.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        32556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 11879237288                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            17942856038                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1616965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    36733.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               55483.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      221.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      123.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   221.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   123.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  245410                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 111124                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               61.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    185396.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15434822500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3113760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    74700096500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              559062000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              547956360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              305043750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              298984125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1267039800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1255246200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583381440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580348800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6090514560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6090514560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        38221477110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37302559875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22421422500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23227490250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69447941160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69303100170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          744.762898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.209616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20674112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20674112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11491776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11491776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             323033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179559                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179559                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    221693132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            221693132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    123228887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           123228887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    344922020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           344922020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     323034                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179559                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   323034                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179559                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20673472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11491520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20674176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11491776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     2139                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1682                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  93254795000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               323034                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179559                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 155044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  38528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  30194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  22246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  16576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  12561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   9577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   7232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   4434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  3424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  1428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  2439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  32329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  34630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  35082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  34865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   3024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       146057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.215614                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.774873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   181.749067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44732     30.63%     30.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41318     28.29%     58.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43071     29.49%     88.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6610      4.53%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3918      2.68%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2179      1.49%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1421      0.97%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          948      0.65%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1860      1.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       146057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.924689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.305798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32534     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.517130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.381638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.583631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30353     93.26%     93.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1584      4.87%     98.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          323      0.99%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          285      0.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 12000754978                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            18057436228                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1615115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    37151.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               55901.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      221.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      123.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   221.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   123.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  245284                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 111230                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    185547.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15177900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3113760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    74957625500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              557429040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              546746760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              304152750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              298324125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1264855800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1254591000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583245360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580271040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6090514560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6090514560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        38060421615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37271520810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22562699250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23254717500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69423318375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69296685795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.498842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          743.140828                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16977205                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 31.896749                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.852313                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                24.590388                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16740124     98.60%     98.60% |      221765      1.31%     99.91% |       13074      0.08%     99.99% |        1801      0.01%    100.00% |         395      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16977205                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33025888                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.092322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.748868                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.674938                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29784632     90.19%     90.19% |     2697148      8.17%     98.35% |      446084      1.35%     99.70% |       52902      0.16%     99.86% |       17203      0.05%     99.92% |        9721      0.03%     99.94% |        7399      0.02%     99.97% |        7607      0.02%     99.99% |        3192      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33025888                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33025887                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              19.159180                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.260254                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             71.214624                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33009252     99.95%     99.95% |       14706      0.04%     99.99% |        1658      0.01%    100.00% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33025887                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        30012941                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.004788                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.003897                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.085488                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29903862     99.64%     99.64% |       77861      0.26%     99.90% |       27993      0.09%     99.99% |        3058      0.01%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          30012941                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3012946                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        180.078367                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       138.379496                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       164.608680                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2996311     99.45%     99.45% |       14706      0.49%     99.94% |        1658      0.06%     99.99% |         233      0.01%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3012946                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         793128                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       793128                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           37                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           22                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           23                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           28                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20218800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       689881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20908681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9323324                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123475                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9446799                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       864002                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30795                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       290133                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1717956                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54373                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        64809                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       287246                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       352055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        96642                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        48387                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       251506                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       299893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        73125                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        72671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       297641                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       370312                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       103971                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        64145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       285302                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       349447                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        89910                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        50082                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       257636                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       307718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        79187                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        55064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       268302                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       323366                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        81061                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        58669                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       277739                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       336408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        98615                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        56990                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       274201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       331191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        92204                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       113077                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       162998                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        49678                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        92846                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        50343                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        93593                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        49526                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43244                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        92770                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        48585                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43273                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        91858                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        48050                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        91276                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        47046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        90259                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        47425                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        90602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        48731                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        91986                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        48483                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        91764                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        48705                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        91889                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        48459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        91620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        91227                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        47817                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        91057                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        50612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43267                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        93879                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        48320                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43196                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        91516                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        47570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        90705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        47837                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43251                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        91088                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        48391                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        91670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        47674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43253                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        90927                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        48732                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        43121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        91853                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        48348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        91590                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        49010                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        92178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        49091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        92300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        51601                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        94764                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        52697                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        43124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        95821                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        48189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        43153                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        91342                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        48221                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        91362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        47962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43159                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        91121                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        47281                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43180                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        90461                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        47677                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        90927                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        50400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43298                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        93698                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          299                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18201424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18201424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18726030                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18201424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8979361                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8931412                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18201424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.097589                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12118533                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12118533                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12787298                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12118533                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7153785                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7085797                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12118533                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.064975                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9611239                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9611239                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10124058                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9611239                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4470195                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4425087                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9611239                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.051532                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8633064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8633064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9074925                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8633064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4121252                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4100576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8633064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.046287                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      9965304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      9965304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10556182                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9965304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5247365                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5169688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      9965304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.053430                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9236719                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9236719                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9755268                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9236719                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4675965                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4647303                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9236719                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.049524                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     10397074                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     10397074                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10982212                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10397074                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4431873                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4409230                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     10397074                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.055745                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      8796954                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      8796954                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9384300                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8796954                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4011342                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3993882                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      8796954                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.047166                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6417864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6417864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6720812                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6417864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3064692                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3042348                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6417864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.034410                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      7775926                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      7775926                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8207847                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7775926                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3827127                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3799810                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      7775926                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.041691                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      4979345                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      4979345                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5224311                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4979345                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2130889                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2115905                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      4979345                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.026697                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3708601                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3708601                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3749584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3708601                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1688113                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1687145                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3708601                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019884                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4398187                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4398187                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4454313                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4398187                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2177107                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2175435                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4398187                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023581                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3789824                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3789824                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3833971                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3789824                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1721242                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1720064                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3789824                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020320                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2607112                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2607112                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2655871                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2607112                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1041064                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1039940                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2607112                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.013978                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3598417                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3598417                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3666749                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3598417                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1443539                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1441997                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3598417                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019293                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4500603                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4500603                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4561917                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4500603                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1709323                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1708067                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4500603                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.024130                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3877787                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3877787                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3937977                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3877787                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1510341                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1509123                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3877787                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.020791                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3498006                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3498006                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3573577                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3498006                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1434797                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1433006                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3498006                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018755                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2034920                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2034920                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2093165                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2034920                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       851776                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       850240                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2034920                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010910                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1928837                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1928837                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1935713                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1928837                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       946619                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       946341                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1928837                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010342                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2337930                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2337930                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2351078                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2337930                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1235499                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1234370                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2337930                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012535                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2114286                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2114286                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2125733                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2114286                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1041308                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1040982                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2114286                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011336                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1327758                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1327758                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1327758                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1327758                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       591418                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       591382                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1327758                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007119                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1869669                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1869669                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1876332                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1869669                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       890237                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       889985                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1869669                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2286469                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2286469                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2298793                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2286469                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1199684                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1198613                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2286469                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012259                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2098124                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2098124                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2109305                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2098124                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1026970                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1026580                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2098124                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011249                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1334384                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1334384                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1334384                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1334384                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       593225                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       593168                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1334384                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007154                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8282782                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8282782                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8744310                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8282782                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3776641                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3766570                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8282782                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.044409                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7641837                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7641837                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7935600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7641837                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3384023                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3377037                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7641837                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.040973                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8053701                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8053701                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8507032                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8053701                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3424187                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3409681                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8053701                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.043181                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8036881                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8036881                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8404917                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8036881                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3474369                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3464817                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8036881                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.043091                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13753216     29.43%     29.43% |    29989060     64.17%     93.60% |     2992777      6.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     46735053                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13753216     29.43%     29.43% |    29989061     64.17%     93.60% |     2992777      6.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     46735054                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   432167298                       |   755042417                       |    71443621                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   121968651                       |   139977654                       |     3022442                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.422999                       |   25.177262                       |   23.872016                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    8.868373                       |    4.667624                       |    1.009912                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.931677                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     5.669593                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         32.601270                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004042                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.090206      7.25%      7.25% |    0.089412      7.18%     14.43% |    0.089144      7.16%     21.59% |    0.088535      7.11%     28.70% |    0.200865     16.13%     44.83% |    0.200801     16.13%     60.96% |    0.200784     16.13%     77.09% |    0.200686     16.12%     93.21% |    0.021127      1.70%     94.91% |    0.021128      1.70%     96.61% |    0.021123      1.70%     98.30% |    0.021126      1.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.244937                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031074                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023295                       |    0.000000                       |    0.006391                       |    0.005642                       |    0.006587                       |    0.006309                       |    0.005751                       |    0.005972                       |    0.006165                       |    0.006121                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006246                       |    0.003777                       |    0.003728                       |    0.003761                       |    0.003729                       |    0.003726                       |    0.003721                       |    0.003703                       |    0.003715                       |    0.003796                       |    0.003802                       |    0.003773                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003723                       |    0.003693                       |    0.003705                       |    0.003746                       |    0.003738                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003740                       |    0.003723                       |    0.003813                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003710                       |    0.003722                       |    0.003739                       |    0.003720                       |    0.003740                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003833                       |    0.003868                       |    0.010607                       |    0.010390                       |    0.010393                       |    0.010381                       |    0.000129                       |           0                       |    0.002760                       |    0.007018                       |    0.000538                       |    0.000546                       |    0.000548                       |    0.000579                       |    0.000512                       |    0.000562                       |    0.000475                       |    0.000497                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003421                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003852                       |    0.002938                       |    0.008881                       |    0.003409                       |    0.000475                       |    0.004846                       |    0.011632                       |    0.005167                       |           0                       |    0.003424                       |    0.007395                       |           0                       |    0.011493                       |    0.015828                       |    0.006270                       |    0.009196                       |    0.003420                       |    0.000538                       |    0.013063                       |    0.012976                       |    0.012339                       |    0.008052                       |    0.003440                       |    0.000546                       |    0.014788                       |    0.011518                       |    0.007943                       |           0                       |    0.003409                       |    0.007181                       |           0                       |    0.013850                       |    0.009492                       |    0.007041                       |           0                       |    0.003441                       |           0                       |    0.007495                       |    0.004715                       |    0.004233                       |           0                       |    0.003418                       |           0                       |    0.003722                       |    0.002885                       |           0                       |    0.003486                       |           0                       |    0.001644                       |    0.003813                       |    0.003592                       |    0.008778                       |    0.003455                       |    0.000497                       |    0.008710                       |    0.005016                       |    0.011676                       |    0.003560                       |    0.009529                       |    0.003413                       |    0.000548                       |    0.005370                       |    0.012920                       |    0.017069                       |    0.004580                       |    0.025578                       |    0.005220                       |    0.002760                       |    0.010258                       |    0.018251                       |    0.025843                       |    0.009678                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003447                       |    0.007018                       |    0.009512                       |    0.017816                       |    0.017359                       |    0.009821                       |    0.009122                       |    0.003401                       |    0.000579                       |    0.007822                       |    0.013291                       |    0.009837                       |    0.005472                       |           0                       |    0.003432                       |           0                       |    0.002898                       |    0.007486                       |    0.004942                       |    0.004823                       |           0                       |    0.003425                       |           0                       |    0.001588                       |    0.003739                       |    0.003506                       |           0                       |    0.003423                       |           0                       |    0.000768                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003409                       |           0                       |    0.003459                       |           0                       |    0.009378                       |    0.004008                       |    0.006466                       |    0.003387                       |           0                       |    0.003503                       |    0.007183                       |           0                       |    0.006368                       |    0.011348                       |    0.011382                       |    0.003396                       |    0.008250                       |    0.003409                       |    0.000512                       |    0.018064                       |    0.012913                       |    0.009164                       |    0.003431                       |    0.008588                       |    0.003401                       |    0.000562                       |    0.007102                       |    0.014828                       |    0.009269                       |    0.003417                       |           0                       |    0.003500                       |    0.007178                       |           0                       |    0.007022                       |    0.013903                       |    0.008053                       |    0.003435                       |           0                       |    0.003398                       |           0                       |    0.002025                       |    0.007443                       |    0.004023                       |    0.003431                       |           0                       |    0.003422                       |           0                       |    0.000693                       |    0.003720                       |    0.003415                       |           0                       |    0.003409                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003710                       |           0                       |    0.003387                       |           0                       |    0.004252                       |           0                       |    0.006340                       |           0                       |    0.003396                       |           0                       |    0.004996                       |    0.003188                       |    0.007714                       |           0                       |    0.003431                       |           0                       |    0.009872                       |    0.005853                       |    0.004974                       |           0                       |    0.003417                       |           0                       |    0.004041                       |    0.009240                       |    0.004094                       |           0                       |    0.003435                       |           0                       |    0.006658                       |    0.008662                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003431                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007479                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003415                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003740                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.244937                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8040172                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8040172                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343244                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5809337                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5281248                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.909651                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          586354                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13046894                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73185                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14631068                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138482                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13120079                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14769550                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  27677962                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211667                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              27889629                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9453729                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9548                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9463277                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9453729                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9548                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9463277                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                182761373                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31387910                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               49288948                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8040172                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5867602                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             146230442                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141895                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       278524                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330497                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9453124                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189432                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    178942312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.501474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.705825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        161021983     89.99%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1813140      1.01%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2561226      1.43%     92.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           709680      0.40%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3919655      2.19%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1019084      0.57%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1438046      0.80%     96.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           408099      0.23%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6051399      3.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    178942312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.043993                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.269690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11483361                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     154943676                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6109739                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6012921                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392608                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86147245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392608                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13955641                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        94618592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10677207                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9422102                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      49876155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84579387                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4882171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90168277                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     200155854                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    126745482                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      79001469                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11166778                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296312                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          39664581                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6896609                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14946767                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1516486                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1353626                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           83059190                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       542369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          86915318                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8346526                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13317885                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96403                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    178942312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144060046     80.51%     80.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14186847      7.93%     88.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7197427      4.02%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4528393      2.53%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3710647      2.07%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2568131      1.44%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023729      1.13%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413915      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253177      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    178942312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104531     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784909     77.88%     88.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118355     11.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338335      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      58829708     67.69%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43646      0.05%     68.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12842301     14.78%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14809265     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       86915318                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.475567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007795                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011595                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    354051271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     91955715                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79624443                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87584637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1679592                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209405                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2679                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8171                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557200                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7464278                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392608                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5309751                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84140452                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83601559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6896609                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14946767                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       533514                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         102182                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8171                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123956                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282427                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406383                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86304155                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12651778                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400476                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27299780                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6716630                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14648002                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.472223                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79725051                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              79624548                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          41433432                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          65526340                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435675                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.632317                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8532006                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       445966                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    177529582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.331819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    149732451     84.34%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11957637      6.74%     91.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6710159      3.78%     94.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2488769      1.40%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1492874      0.84%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1029807      0.58%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508683      0.29%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904329      0.51%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2704873      1.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    177529582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42501321                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       74986178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               20076758                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5687199                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6272312                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          74585091                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       508224                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54668680     72.91%     73.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5687199      7.58%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14389559     19.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     74986178                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2704873                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            258210324                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168459766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85065                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3819061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42501321                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              74986178                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.300134                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.300134                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.232551                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.232551                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        131398231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        57870722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32075681                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25919238                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        41066048                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               5443133000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            5443133000.000003                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8333674                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        37.294184                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.510686                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       32.635668                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     8096610     97.16%     97.16% |      221748      2.66%     99.82% |       13074      0.16%     99.97% |        1801      0.02%     99.99% |         395      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8333674                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8389596                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.729120                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.544169                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.297302                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1123921     13.40%     13.40% |     4452439     53.07%     66.47% |     2581267     30.77%     97.24% |      223040      2.66%     99.89% |        7816      0.09%     99.99% |         849      0.01%    100.00% |         188      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8389596                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        253935                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.493020                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.610998                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.515922                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        4668      1.84%      1.84% |       30020     11.82%     13.66% |       86434     34.04%     47.70% |       60136     23.68%     71.38% |       52874     20.82%     92.20% |       15437      6.08%     98.28% |        3864      1.52%     99.80% |         460      0.18%     99.98% |          39      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          253935                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          8242145                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           40.829540                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.964435                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         107.986494                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8230561     99.86%     99.86% |       10260      0.12%     99.98% |        1120      0.01%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            8242145                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6400298                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.014206                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.011508                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.149610                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6332958     98.95%     98.95% |       46821      0.73%     99.68% |       17622      0.28%     99.95% |        2730      0.04%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6400298                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1841847                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     172.235356                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    128.267341                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    173.048758                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1830263     99.37%     99.37% |       10260      0.56%     99.93% |        1120      0.06%     99.99% |         179      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1841847                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         15108594                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           16.896751                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.959255                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          64.937788                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    15103547     99.97%     99.97% |        4442      0.03%    100.00% |         538      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           15108594                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     14075846                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003742                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.003076                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.073083                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14034206     99.70%     99.70% |       30941      0.22%     99.92% |       10371      0.07%    100.00% |         328      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       14075846                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1032748                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     206.251618                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    171.315381                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    152.333110                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1027701     99.51%     99.51% |        4442      0.43%     99.94% |         538      0.05%     99.99% |          54      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1032748                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9446798                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.093428                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.129471                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.682844                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9443997     99.97%     99.97% |        2555      0.03%    100.00% |         215      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9446798                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9323324                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9323324    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9323324                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123474                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.656438                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.037405                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.461273                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120673     97.73%     97.73% |        2555      2.07%     99.80% |         215      0.17%     99.97% |          27      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123474                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227046                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.971301                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.251755                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223079     98.25%     98.25% |        3053      1.34%     99.60% |         778      0.34%     99.94% |          71      0.03%     99.97% |          29      0.01%     99.98% |          30      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227046                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212098     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14849                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.586774                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.662496                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.563449                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.28%     73.28% |        3053     20.56%     93.84% |         778      5.24%     99.08% |          71      0.48%     99.56% |          29      0.20%     99.76% |          30      0.20%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       397088                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7682035                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       117736                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   138267                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   143328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   137077                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   150988                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                   138174                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   148590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   118937                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   130064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 213845                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 156624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 233291                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 198516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 169602                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 174834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 217527                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 201184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   188371                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   136794                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   204559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   173776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   148586                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   153390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   191236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   176963                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               352112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               299952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               370368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               349504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               307776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               323424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               336464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               331248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 6876770                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 6071071                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 6994120                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6564432                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 6454243                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 6334662                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 7223480                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 6899564                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  257072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  218992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  270400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  255168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  224704                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  236128                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  245648                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  241840                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  95040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  80960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  99968                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  94336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  83072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  87296                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  90816                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  89408                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                97239                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               102274                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                96708                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107519                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                98234                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits               105426                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                83096                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                91853                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             159833                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             116718                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             173692                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             147649                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             126470                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             130702                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses             162552                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             149987                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               41028                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               41054                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               40369                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               43469                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               39940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               43164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               35841                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               38211                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             54012                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             39906                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             59599                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             50867                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             43132                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             44132                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             54975                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             51197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      135                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      115                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      142                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      134                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      118                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      124                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      129                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      127                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               10700122                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               10726611                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               10664735                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               10779663                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles               10682512                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               10702883                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               10675126                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               10673819                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1840                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    1888                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    1984                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2064                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    2032                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               9643372                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               9834948                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               9454942                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               9729194                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               9737532                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               9739582                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               9664188                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               9685476                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            5586755                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            4747113                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            5910064                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            5569102                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            4867766                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            5123005                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            5316928                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            5262852                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3888715                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3584849                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3975122                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3729071                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3554318                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3699515                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3622827                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3577275                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          9643372                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          9834948                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          9454942                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          9729194                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          9737532                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          9739582                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          9664188                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          9685476                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       5532470                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       4712956                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       5819158                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       5491406                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       4835929                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       5081718                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       5286687                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       5204647                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3630160                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3501234                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3661772                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3555625                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         3459923                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3556132                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3478476                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3485221                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           10225244                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           10243920                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           10096658                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           10284132                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time           10161090                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           10257155                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           10175396                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           10149492                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         10604176                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         10636055                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         10527056                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         10670031                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10653383                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         10676065                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         10609716                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         10625714                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             52103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             44536                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             55111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             52084                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             46022                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             48093                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             50013                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             49126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             14399                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             16348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             13990                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             16125                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             14934                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             16515                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             12119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             13306                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             33706                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             40788                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             33008                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             39638                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             34509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             40098                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             26346                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             30211                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           39879                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           66176                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          127510                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles           81051                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           95074                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           71773                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          101319                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          151667                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      329995     25.39%     25.39% |      323304     24.87%     50.26% |      323409     24.88%     75.15% |      323034     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1299742                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180327     25.70%     25.70% |      173753     24.77%     50.47% |      173771     24.77%     75.24% |      173732     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701583                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      330020     25.39%     25.39% |      323304     24.87%     50.26% |      323409     24.88%     75.15% |      323033     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1299766                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186144     25.68%     25.68% |      179574     24.77%     50.45% |      179597     24.78%     75.23% |      179559     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724874                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141476     25.02%     25.02% |      141359     25.00%     50.02% |      141446     25.02%     75.04% |      141110     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       565391                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      329995     25.39%     25.39% |      323304     24.87%     50.26% |      323409     24.88%     75.15% |      323034     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1299742                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180091     25.70%     25.70% |      173574     24.77%     50.46% |      173597     24.77%     75.23% |      173559     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700821                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141476     25.02%     25.02% |      141359     25.00%     50.02% |      141446     25.02%     75.04% |      141110     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       565391                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      329995     25.39%     25.39% |      323304     24.87%     50.26% |      323409     24.88%     75.15% |      323033     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1299741                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180091     25.70%     25.70% |      173574     24.77%     50.46% |      173597     24.77%     75.23% |      173559     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700821                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6293416     76.33%     76.33% |          18      0.00%     76.33% |      257195      3.12%     79.45% |      219094      2.66%     82.11% |      270660      3.28%     85.39% |      255355      3.10%     88.49% |      224823      2.73%     91.22% |      236234      2.87%     94.08% |      245874      2.98%     97.06% |      242131      2.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      8244800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9446855    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9446855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14616369     95.28%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |       95347      0.62%     95.91% |       81100      0.53%     96.43% |      100411      0.65%     97.09% |       94610      0.62%     97.71% |       83330      0.54%     98.25% |       87564      0.57%     98.82% |       91178      0.59%     99.41% |       89792      0.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15339701                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17015     10.30%     10.30% |          18      0.01%     10.31% |       19959     12.08%     22.40% |       17551     10.63%     33.02% |       20727     12.55%     45.57% |       19046     11.53%     57.11% |       17161     10.39%     67.50% |       17586     10.65%     78.14% |       18184     11.01%     89.15% |       17913     10.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       165160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      808956     26.86%     26.86% |           0      0.00%     26.86% |      287360      9.54%     36.40% |      251702      8.36%     44.75% |      298192      9.90%     54.65% |      285901      9.49%     64.15% |      258056      8.57%     72.71% |      268841      8.93%     81.64% |      277995      9.23%     90.87% |      275091      9.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3012094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3505     13.15%     13.15% |        3184     11.95%     25.10% |        3556     13.35%     38.45% |        3279     12.31%     50.75% |        3115     11.69%     62.44% |        3325     12.48%     74.92% |        3282     12.32%     87.24% |        3400     12.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        26646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8512     13.70%     13.70% |        7448     11.99%     25.69% |        8430     13.57%     39.26% |        7792     12.54%     51.80% |        6885     11.08%     62.88% |        7340     11.81%     74.70% |        7864     12.66%     87.36% |        7856     12.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        62129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      190466     11.69%     11.69% |          16      0.00%     11.69% |      188763     11.59%     23.28% |      163373     10.03%     33.31% |      196404     12.06%     45.36% |      185581     11.39%     56.76% |      168438     10.34%     67.10% |      175752     10.79%     77.88% |      180587     11.09%     88.97% |      179708     11.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1629088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        8257     13.29%     13.29% |        7182     11.56%     24.85% |        8814     14.19%     39.04% |        8424     13.56%     52.60% |        7222     11.62%     64.22% |        7211     11.61%     75.83% |        7671     12.35%     88.18% |        7346     11.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        62129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622868     47.13%     47.13% |           0      0.00%     47.13% |       90226      6.83%     53.95% |       80951      6.12%     60.08% |       92423      6.99%     67.07% |       91297      6.91%     73.98% |       81976      6.20%     80.18% |       85339      6.46%     86.64% |       89481      6.77%     93.41% |       87147      6.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1321708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      686864     26.60%     26.60% |           0      0.00%     26.60% |      246972      9.57%     36.17% |      216144      8.37%     44.54% |      256350      9.93%     54.47% |      244772      9.48%     63.95% |      223458      8.65%     72.60% |      232017      8.99%     81.59% |      238357      9.23%     90.82% |      236951      9.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2581885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      189949     10.32%     10.32% |           9      0.00%     10.32% |      216636     11.77%     22.09% |      187552     10.19%     32.27% |      225334     12.24%     44.52% |      214643     11.66%     56.17% |      192130     10.44%     66.61% |      200890     10.91%     77.52% |      208480     11.32%     88.85% |      205281     11.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1840904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120990    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498912     47.63%     47.63% |           0      0.00%     47.63% |       70606      6.74%     54.37% |       63954      6.11%     60.48% |       72303      6.90%     67.38% |       70657      6.75%     74.12% |       65506      6.25%     80.38% |       67407      6.44%     86.81% |       69255      6.61%     93.42% |       68892      6.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1047492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      6.98%      6.98% |           0      0.00%      6.98% |       19900     12.56%     19.54% |       17353     10.95%     30.49% |       20689     13.06%     43.55% |       18981     11.98%     55.53% |       17005     10.73%     66.27% |       17473     11.03%     77.30% |       18140     11.45%     88.75% |       17829     11.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       158421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         934     99.05%     99.05% |           9      0.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2485    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          65     58.04%     58.04% |           0      0.00%     58.04% |           4      3.57%     61.61% |           0      0.00%     61.61% |           4      3.57%     65.18% |           2      1.79%     66.96% |           0      0.00%     66.96% |           5      4.46%     71.43% |           4      3.57%     75.00% |          28     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1590      5.55%      5.55% |           0      0.00%      5.55% |        3520     12.28%     17.83% |        3347     11.68%     29.51% |        3552     12.39%     41.90% |        3300     11.51%     53.41% |        3240     11.30%     64.72% |        3408     11.89%     76.61% |        3278     11.44%     88.04% |        3427     11.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        28662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     19.42%     19.42% |           0      0.00%     19.42% |        4630     10.96%     30.37% |        4688     11.09%     41.47% |        4496     10.64%     52.10% |        4528     10.71%     62.82% |        3737      8.84%     71.66% |        4025      9.52%     81.18% |        3969      9.39%     90.58% |        3983      9.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        42263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9323324    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9323324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3459     96.57%     96.57% |           2      0.06%     96.62% |          12      0.34%     96.96% |          25      0.70%     97.65% |           6      0.17%     97.82% |           9      0.25%     98.07% |          40      1.12%     99.19% |          13      0.36%     99.55% |          10      0.28%     99.83% |           6      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3582                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     30.57%     30.57% |           0      0.00%     30.57% |       36238      9.20%     39.78% |       31503      8.00%     47.78% |       37223      9.45%     57.23% |       36716      9.33%     66.56% |       30426      7.73%     74.29% |       32360      8.22%     82.51% |       35588      9.04%     91.55% |       33283      8.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       393711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3343726     92.66%     92.66% |           0      0.00%     92.66% |       35774      0.99%     93.66% |       26720      0.74%     94.40% |       40538      1.12%     95.52% |       35965      1.00%     96.52% |       28805      0.80%     97.31% |       31181      0.86%     98.18% |       33167      0.92%     99.10% |       32544      0.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3608420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35517    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2269     90.40%     90.40% |          16      0.64%     91.04% |          15      0.60%     91.63% |          44      1.75%     93.39% |          13      0.52%     93.90% |          19      0.76%     94.66% |          43      1.71%     96.37% |          44      1.75%     98.13% |          12      0.48%     98.61% |          35      1.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      152594      9.99%      9.99% |           0      0.00%      9.99% |      180100     11.79%     21.78% |      155712     10.19%     31.97% |      187809     12.29%     44.26% |      177636     11.63%     55.89% |      161353     10.56%     66.45% |      168205     11.01%     77.46% |      172610     11.30%     88.76% |      171714     11.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1527733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8468     13.71%     13.71% |        7416     12.00%     25.71% |        8397     13.59%     39.30% |        7729     12.51%     51.81% |        6859     11.10%     62.91% |        7303     11.82%     74.73% |        7810     12.64%     87.37% |        7805     12.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        61787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2749615    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2749615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    14081735     98.79%     98.79% |           0      0.00%     98.79% |       24405      0.17%     98.96% |       16979      0.12%     99.08% |       27637      0.19%     99.28% |       23652      0.17%     99.44% |       17540      0.12%     99.57% |       19858      0.14%     99.71% |       21533      0.15%     99.86% |       20463      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14253802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         236     37.64%     37.64% |           0      0.00%     37.64% |          31      4.94%     42.58% |         124     19.78%     62.36% |          16      2.55%     64.91% |          34      5.42%     70.33% |          70     11.16%     81.50% |          55      8.77%     90.27% |          22      3.51%     93.78% |          39      6.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534270     50.68%     50.68% |           0      0.00%     50.68% |       66872      6.34%     57.03% |       60432      5.73%     62.76% |       68541      6.50%     69.26% |       67136      6.37%     75.63% |       62105      5.89%     81.52% |       63812      6.05%     87.57% |       65747      6.24%     93.81% |       65237      6.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1054152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3499     13.14%     13.14% |        3182     11.95%     25.10% |        3550     13.34%     38.43% |        3272     12.29%     50.72% |        3115     11.70%     62.42% |        3325     12.49%     74.91% |        3279     12.32%     87.23% |        3399     12.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        26621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      1.99%      1.99% |           0      0.00%      1.99% |         468      7.81%      9.80% |         552      9.22%     19.02% |         794     13.26%     32.28% |         852     14.23%     46.50% |         739     12.34%     58.84% |         798     13.32%     72.17% |         594      9.92%     82.08% |        1073     17.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         5989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      190466     11.69%     11.69% |          16      0.00%     11.69% |      188763     11.59%     23.28% |      163373     10.03%     33.31% |      196404     12.06%     45.36% |      185581     11.39%     56.76% |      168438     10.34%     67.10% |      175752     10.79%     77.88% |      180587     11.09%     88.97% |      179708     11.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1629088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        8257     13.29%     13.29% |        7182     11.56%     24.85% |        8814     14.19%     39.04% |        8424     13.56%     52.60% |        7222     11.62%     64.22% |        7211     11.61%     75.83% |        7671     12.35%     88.18% |        7346     11.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        62129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123891     45.20%     45.20% |           0      0.00%     45.20% |       19616      7.16%     52.35% |       16997      6.20%     58.56% |       20116      7.34%     65.89% |       20638      7.53%     73.42% |       16470      6.01%     79.43% |       17927      6.54%     85.97% |       20222      7.38%     93.35% |       18227      6.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       274104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9      0.49%      0.49% |           0      0.00%      0.49% |         162      8.77%      9.26% |         156      8.45%     17.70% |         273     14.78%     32.49% |         261     14.13%     46.62% |         193     10.45%     57.07% |         258     13.97%     71.03% |         178      9.64%     80.67% |         357     19.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         1847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498977     47.63%     47.63% |           0      0.00%     47.63% |       70610      6.74%     54.37% |       63954      6.10%     60.48% |       72307      6.90%     67.38% |       70659      6.74%     74.12% |       65506      6.25%     80.38% |       67412      6.43%     86.81% |       69259      6.61%     93.42% |       68920      6.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1047604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         985     37.10%     37.10% |           0      0.00%     37.10% |         155      5.84%     42.94% |         134      5.05%     47.98% |         292     11.00%     58.98% |         219      8.25%     67.23% |         151      5.69%     72.92% |         138      5.20%     78.12% |         258      9.72%     87.83% |         323     12.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         2655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         119      4.32%      4.32% |           0      0.00%      4.32% |         332     12.04%     16.36% |         167      6.06%     22.42% |         467     16.94%     39.35% |         299     10.85%     50.20% |         284     10.30%     60.50% |         294     10.66%     71.16% |         386     14.00%     85.17% |         409     14.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           5     25.00%     30.00% |           3     15.00%     45.00% |           3     15.00%     60.00% |           3     15.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     24.00%     24.00% |           2      8.00%     32.00% |           6     24.00%     56.00% |           7     28.00%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           3     12.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          44     12.94%     12.94% |          32      9.41%     22.35% |          33      9.71%     32.06% |          63     18.53%     50.59% |          26      7.65%     58.24% |          37     10.88%     69.12% |          54     15.88%     85.00% |          51     15.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      686864     26.61%     26.61% |           0      0.00%     26.61% |      246921      9.57%     36.17% |      216105      8.37%     44.54% |      256308      9.93%     54.47% |      244699      9.48%     63.95% |      223429      8.66%     72.61% |      231979      8.99%     81.59% |      238300      9.23%     90.82% |      236895      9.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2581500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          51     13.25%     13.25% |          39     10.13%     23.38% |          42     10.91%     34.29% |          73     18.96%     53.25% |          29      7.53%     60.78% |          38      9.87%     70.65% |          57     14.81%     85.45% |          56     14.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          385                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3856      3.12%      3.12% |        3690      2.99%      6.11% |        3428      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3476      2.81%     14.52% |        3971      3.21%     17.74% |        3700      2.99%     20.73% |        3307      2.68%     23.41% |        3510      2.84%     26.25% |        5107      4.13%     30.38% |        3873      3.13%     33.52% |        3792      3.07%     36.59% |        3481      2.82%     39.41% |        4382      3.55%     42.95% |        3832      3.10%     46.05% |        3778      3.06%     49.11% |        4112      3.33%     52.44% |        4148      3.36%     55.80% |        3654      2.96%     58.76% |        3334      2.70%     61.45% |        3069      2.48%     63.94% |        3734      3.02%     66.96% |        3513      2.84%     69.80% |        3355      2.72%     72.52% |        3600      2.91%     75.43% |        3721      3.01%     78.44% |        3238      2.62%     81.07% |        4609      3.73%     84.80% |        3990      3.23%     88.03% |        5242      4.24%     92.27% |        5113      4.14%     96.41% |        4439      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123549                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      117591      6.38%      6.38% |       56557      3.07%      9.45% |       55443      3.01%     12.46% |       56283      3.05%     15.52% |       55647      3.02%     18.54% |       55364      3.00%     21.54% |       55041      2.99%     24.53% |       55054      2.99%     27.51% |       55208      3.00%     30.51% |       55594      3.02%     33.53% |       57519      3.12%     36.65% |       56697      3.08%     39.73% |       56000      3.04%     42.77% |       54960      2.98%     45.75% |       54468      2.96%     48.71% |       54708      2.97%     51.67% |       55673      3.02%     54.70% |       55346      3.00%     57.70% |       55591      3.02%     60.72% |       55713      3.02%     63.74% |       55738      3.03%     66.77% |       56860      3.09%     69.85% |       55783      3.03%     72.88% |       54957      2.98%     75.86% |       55134      2.99%     78.85% |       55557      3.02%     81.87% |       55111      2.99%     84.86% |       54820      2.98%     87.84% |       55431      3.01%     90.84% |       54779      2.97%     93.82% |       55402      3.01%     96.82% |       58534      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1842563                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       41567      3.97%      3.97% |       32620      3.11%      7.08% |       32373      3.09%     10.17% |       32539      3.11%     13.28% |       32235      3.08%     16.35% |       32046      3.06%     19.41% |       32393      3.09%     22.50% |       32134      3.07%     25.57% |       32228      3.08%     28.65% |       33018      3.15%     31.80% |       32249      3.08%     34.88% |       32304      3.08%     37.96% |       32403      3.09%     41.05% |       31952      3.05%     44.10% |       31969      3.05%     47.16% |       32134      3.07%     50.22% |       32217      3.08%     53.30% |       32290      3.08%     56.38% |       32657      3.12%     59.50% |       32592      3.11%     62.61% |       32305      3.08%     65.69% |       33393      3.19%     68.88% |       32247      3.08%     71.96% |       32403      3.09%     75.05% |       32377      3.09%     78.14% |       32420      3.09%     81.23% |       32609      3.11%     84.35% |       32460      3.10%     87.45% |       32201      3.07%     90.52% |       32195      3.07%     93.59% |       34278      3.27%     96.86% |       32859      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1047667                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      149409      5.79%      5.79% |       79553      3.08%      8.87% |       78262      3.03%     11.90% |       79060      3.06%     14.96% |       78188      3.03%     17.99% |       77603      3.01%     20.99% |       77840      3.01%     24.01% |       77550      3.00%     27.01% |       77662      3.01%     30.02% |       78904      3.06%     33.07% |       80195      3.11%     36.18% |       79315      3.07%     39.25% |       78871      3.05%     42.31% |       77336      2.99%     45.30% |       76971      2.98%     48.28% |       77397      3.00%     51.28% |       78212      3.03%     54.31% |       77865      3.02%     57.32% |       78701      3.05%     60.37% |       78773      3.05%     63.42% |       78435      3.04%     66.46% |       80644      3.12%     69.58% |       78483      3.04%     72.62% |       77935      3.02%     75.64% |       77901      3.02%     78.66% |       78233      3.03%     81.69% |       78168      3.03%     84.71% |       77647      3.01%     87.72% |       77957      3.02%     90.74% |       77281      2.99%     93.73% |       80155      3.10%     96.84% |       81686      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2582192                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      4.69%      4.69% |           5      7.81%     12.50% |           4      6.25%     18.75% |           2      3.12%     21.88% |           4      6.25%     28.12% |           0      0.00%     28.12% |           0      0.00%     28.12% |           0      0.00%     28.12% |           4      6.25%     34.38% |           4      6.25%     40.62% |           3      4.69%     45.31% |           2      3.12%     48.44% |           1      1.56%     50.00% |           1      1.56%     51.56% |           2      3.12%     54.69% |           2      3.12%     57.81% |           0      0.00%     57.81% |           0      0.00%     57.81% |           0      0.00%     57.81% |           1      1.56%     59.38% |           3      4.69%     64.06% |           3      4.69%     68.75% |           1      1.56%     70.31% |           2      3.12%     73.44% |           2      3.12%     76.56% |           2      3.12%     79.69% |           2      3.12%     82.81% |           4      6.25%     89.06% |           4      6.25%     95.31% |           3      4.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           64                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28177      4.02%      4.02% |       21672      3.09%      7.12% |       21697      3.10%     10.21% |       21688      3.10%     13.31% |       21663      3.09%     16.40% |       21672      3.09%     19.50% |       21684      3.10%     22.59% |       21685      3.10%     25.69% |       21689      3.10%     28.78% |       21690      3.10%     31.88% |       21705      3.10%     34.98% |       21689      3.10%     38.07% |       21672      3.09%     41.17% |       21682      3.10%     44.26% |       21672      3.09%     47.36% |       21677      3.09%     50.45% |       21698      3.10%     53.55% |       21692      3.10%     56.65% |       21697      3.10%     59.74% |       21696      3.10%     62.84% |       21680      3.09%     65.94% |       21699      3.10%     69.03% |       21691      3.10%     72.13% |       21694      3.10%     75.23% |       21708      3.10%     78.33% |       21701      3.10%     81.42% |       21712      3.10%     84.52% |       21692      3.10%     87.62% |       21692      3.10%     90.72% |       21677      3.09%     93.81% |       21680      3.09%     96.91% |       21672      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700495                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17831      3.15%      3.15% |       17678      3.12%      6.28% |       17714      3.13%      9.41% |       17694      3.13%     12.54% |       17665      3.12%     15.66% |       17623      3.12%     18.77% |       17637      3.12%     21.89% |       17676      3.12%     25.02% |       17661      3.12%     28.14% |       17702      3.13%     31.27% |       17722      3.13%     34.40% |       17678      3.12%     37.52% |       17744      3.14%     40.66% |       17683      3.13%     43.79% |       17699      3.13%     46.92% |       17663      3.12%     50.04% |       17646      3.12%     53.16% |       17671      3.12%     56.28% |       17664      3.12%     59.40% |       17629      3.12%     62.52% |       17674      3.12%     65.64% |       17736      3.14%     68.78% |       17678      3.12%     71.90% |       17615      3.11%     75.02% |       17674      3.12%     78.14% |       17696      3.13%     81.27% |       17710      3.13%     84.40% |       17597      3.11%     87.51% |       17693      3.13%     90.64% |       17659      3.12%     93.76% |       17681      3.13%     96.88% |       17624      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       565717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47119      3.63%      3.63% |       40398      3.11%      6.73% |       40457      3.11%      9.85% |       40428      3.11%     12.96% |       40372      3.11%     16.06% |       40340      3.10%     19.17% |       40367      3.11%     22.27% |       40407      3.11%     25.38% |       40396      3.11%     28.49% |       40439      3.11%     31.60% |       40472      3.11%     34.71% |       40412      3.11%     37.82% |       40461      3.11%     40.94% |       40410      3.11%     44.05% |       40416      3.11%     47.16% |       40385      3.11%     50.26% |       40389      3.11%     53.37% |       40409      3.11%     56.48% |       40407      3.11%     59.59% |       40371      3.11%     62.69% |       40400      3.11%     65.80% |       40482      3.11%     68.92% |       40415      3.11%     72.03% |       40354      3.10%     75.13% |       40428      3.11%     78.24% |       40444      3.11%     81.35% |       40468      3.11%     84.47% |       40333      3.10%     87.57% |       40430      3.11%     90.68% |       40382      3.11%     93.79% |       40407      3.11%     96.90% |       40343      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1299741                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46095      3.64%      3.64% |       39374      3.11%      6.75% |       39433      3.11%      9.86% |       39404      3.11%     12.97% |       39348      3.11%     16.07% |       39316      3.10%     19.18% |       39343      3.11%     22.28% |       39383      3.11%     25.39% |       39372      3.11%     28.50% |       39415      3.11%     31.61% |       39448      3.11%     34.72% |       39388      3.11%     37.83% |       39437      3.11%     40.94% |       39386      3.11%     44.05% |       39392      3.11%     47.16% |       39361      3.11%     50.27% |       39365      3.11%     53.38% |       39385      3.11%     56.48% |       39383      3.11%     59.59% |       39347      3.11%     62.70% |       39376      3.11%     65.81% |       39458      3.11%     68.92% |       39391      3.11%     72.03% |       39330      3.10%     75.13% |       39404      3.11%     78.24% |       39420      3.11%     81.36% |       39444      3.11%     84.47% |       39309      3.10%     87.57% |       39406      3.11%     90.68% |       39358      3.11%     93.79% |       39383      3.11%     96.90% |       39319      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1266973                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          73     11.27%     11.27% |          18      2.78%     14.04% |          18      2.78%     16.82% |          16      2.47%     19.29% |          26      4.01%     23.30% |           8      1.23%     24.54% |          11      1.70%     26.23% |          15      2.31%     28.55% |          20      3.09%     31.64% |           9      1.39%     33.02% |          19      2.93%     35.96% |          10      1.54%     37.50% |          23      3.55%     41.05% |           6      0.93%     41.98% |          10      1.54%     43.52% |          18      2.78%     46.30% |          20      3.09%     49.38% |          11      1.70%     51.08% |          15      2.31%     53.40% |          21      3.24%     56.64% |          46      7.10%     63.73% |          44      6.79%     70.52% |          22      3.40%     73.92% |          15      2.31%     76.23% |          22      3.40%     79.63% |          16      2.47%     82.10% |          12      1.85%     83.95% |          18      2.78%     86.73% |          28      4.32%     91.05% |          18      2.78%     93.83% |          26      4.01%     97.84% |          14      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1968      3.17%      3.17% |        1921      3.09%      6.26% |        1933      3.11%      9.37% |        1931      3.11%     12.48% |        1918      3.09%     15.57% |        1917      3.09%     18.65% |        1911      3.08%     21.73% |        1910      3.07%     24.80% |        1982      3.19%     27.99% |        1964      3.16%     31.15% |        1927      3.10%     34.26% |        1948      3.14%     37.39% |        1938      3.12%     40.51% |        1927      3.10%     43.61% |        1929      3.10%     46.72% |        1924      3.10%     49.81% |        1981      3.19%     53.00% |        1991      3.20%     56.21% |        1936      3.12%     59.32% |        1936      3.12%     62.44% |        1969      3.17%     65.61% |        1920      3.09%     68.70% |        1947      3.13%     71.83% |        1927      3.10%     74.93% |        1981      3.19%     78.12% |        1965      3.16%     81.29% |        1959      3.15%     84.44% |        1941      3.12%     87.56% |        1958      3.15%     90.71% |        1928      3.10%     93.82% |        1911      3.08%     96.89% |        1930      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        62128                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2791      3.20%      3.20% |        2813      3.23%      6.43% |        2781      3.19%      9.61% |        2821      3.23%     12.85% |        2723      3.12%     15.97% |        2756      3.16%     19.13% |        2699      3.09%     22.22% |        2720      3.12%     25.34% |        2689      3.08%     28.43% |        2715      3.11%     31.54% |        2665      3.06%     34.59% |        2720      3.12%     37.71% |        2628      3.01%     40.73% |        2637      3.02%     43.75% |        2567      2.94%     46.69% |        2592      2.97%     49.66% |        2641      3.03%     52.69% |        2711      3.11%     55.80% |        2625      3.01%     58.81% |        2691      3.09%     61.89% |        2757      3.16%     65.06% |        2686      3.08%     68.13% |        2680      3.07%     71.21% |        2670      3.06%     74.27% |        2781      3.19%     77.46% |        2859      3.28%     80.74% |        2765      3.17%     83.91% |        2793      3.20%     87.11% |        2832      3.25%     90.35% |        2836      3.25%     93.61% |        2763      3.17%     96.77% |        2814      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        87221                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2505      3.24%      3.24% |        2382      3.08%      6.32% |        2401      3.11%      9.43% |        2395      3.10%     12.53% |        2404      3.11%     15.64% |        2370      3.07%     18.70% |        2382      3.08%     21.79% |        2409      3.12%     24.90% |        2461      3.18%     28.09% |        2422      3.13%     31.22% |        2420      3.13%     34.35% |        2415      3.12%     37.48% |        2442      3.16%     40.64% |        2399      3.10%     43.74% |        2394      3.10%     46.84% |        2374      3.07%     49.91% |        2451      3.17%     53.08% |        2455      3.18%     56.26% |        2390      3.09%     59.35% |        2356      3.05%     62.40% |        2399      3.10%     65.50% |        2417      3.13%     68.63% |        2375      3.07%     71.70% |        2337      3.02%     74.72% |        2461      3.18%     77.91% |        2472      3.20%     81.11% |        2454      3.17%     84.28% |        2395      3.10%     87.38% |        2462      3.19%     90.56% |        2436      3.15%     93.72% |        2436      3.15%     96.87% |        2421      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        77292                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1968      3.17%      3.17% |        1921      3.09%      6.26% |        1933      3.11%      9.37% |        1931      3.11%     12.48% |        1918      3.09%     15.57% |        1917      3.09%     18.65% |        1911      3.08%     21.73% |        1910      3.07%     24.80% |        1982      3.19%     27.99% |        1964      3.16%     31.15% |        1927      3.10%     34.25% |        1948      3.14%     37.39% |        1938      3.12%     40.51% |        1927      3.10%     43.61% |        1929      3.10%     46.72% |        1924      3.10%     49.81% |        1981      3.19%     53.00% |        1991      3.20%     56.21% |        1936      3.12%     59.32% |        1936      3.12%     62.44% |        1969      3.17%     65.61% |        1920      3.09%     68.70% |        1947      3.13%     71.83% |        1927      3.10%     74.93% |        1981      3.19%     78.12% |        1967      3.17%     81.29% |        1958      3.15%     84.44% |        1941      3.12%     87.56% |        1958      3.15%     90.71% |        1928      3.10%     93.82% |        1911      3.08%     96.89% |        1930      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        62129                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      152467      5.70%      5.70% |       82496      3.08%      8.78% |       81182      3.03%     11.81% |       81996      3.06%     14.87% |       81125      3.03%     17.91% |       80525      3.01%     20.91% |       80754      3.02%     23.93% |       80451      3.01%     26.94% |       80649      3.01%     29.95% |       81898      3.06%     33.01% |       83135      3.11%     36.11% |       82270      3.07%     39.19% |       81822      3.06%     42.24% |       80249      3.00%     45.24% |       79881      2.98%     48.23% |       80314      3.00%     51.23% |       81208      3.03%     54.26% |       80866      3.02%     57.28% |       81603      3.05%     60.33% |       81685      3.05%     63.38% |       81441      3.04%     66.43% |       83639      3.12%     69.55% |       81443      3.04%     72.59% |       80843      3.02%     75.61% |       80880      3.02%     78.63% |       81223      3.03%     81.67% |       81114      3.03%     84.70% |       80596      3.01%     87.71% |       80963      3.02%     90.74% |       80242      3.00%     93.73% |       83098      3.10%     96.84% |       84655      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2676713                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         471      3.25%      3.25% |         417      2.88%      6.13% |         425      2.93%      9.06% |         421      2.90%     11.96% |         431      2.97%     14.93% |         407      2.81%     17.74% |         430      2.97%     20.71% |         474      3.27%     23.98% |         448      3.09%     27.07% |         432      2.98%     30.05% |         459      3.17%     33.21% |         460      3.17%     36.39% |         488      3.37%     39.75% |         468      3.23%     42.98% |         480      3.31%     46.29% |         468      3.23%     49.52% |         480      3.31%     52.83% |         484      3.34%     56.17% |         481      3.32%     59.49% |         450      3.10%     62.59% |         437      3.01%     65.61% |         463      3.19%     68.80% |         425      2.93%     71.73% |         427      2.95%     74.68% |         475      3.28%     77.95% |         498      3.44%     81.39% |         475      3.28%     84.67% |         429      2.96%     87.63% |         451      3.11%     90.74% |         462      3.19%     93.92% |         457      3.15%     97.08% |         424      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24653      4.23%      4.23% |       18035      3.09%      7.32% |       18085      3.10%     10.43% |       18051      3.10%     13.53% |       18001      3.09%     16.61% |       17983      3.09%     19.70% |       17986      3.09%     22.79% |       17990      3.09%     25.87% |       17994      3.09%     28.96% |       18053      3.10%     32.06% |       18075      3.10%     35.16% |       17989      3.09%     38.25% |       18026      3.09%     41.34% |       17999      3.09%     44.43% |       17995      3.09%     47.52% |       17976      3.08%     50.60% |       17959      3.08%     53.68% |       17969      3.08%     56.77% |       17972      3.08%     59.85% |       17971      3.08%     62.93% |       17990      3.09%     66.02% |       18027      3.09%     69.11% |       18046      3.10%     72.21% |       17977      3.08%     75.30% |       17993      3.09%     78.38% |       17996      3.09%     81.47% |       18033      3.09%     84.56% |       17963      3.08%     87.65% |       18036      3.09%     90.74% |       17975      3.08%     93.83% |       17996      3.09%     96.91% |       17982      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       582776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21947      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21973      3.13%     65.62% |       21992      3.13%     68.76% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702469                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           2     10.53%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           2     10.53%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4695      3.15%      3.15% |        4713      3.17%      6.32% |        4618      3.10%      9.42% |        4814      3.23%     12.66% |        4743      3.19%     15.85% |        4849      3.26%     19.10% |        4662      3.13%     22.24% |        4725      3.17%     25.41% |        4702      3.16%     28.57% |        4645      3.12%     31.69% |        4564      3.07%     34.76% |        4674      3.14%     37.90% |        4525      3.04%     40.94% |        4608      3.10%     44.03% |        4523      3.04%     47.07% |        4502      3.02%     50.10% |        4599      3.09%     53.19% |        4695      3.15%     56.34% |        4624      3.11%     59.45% |        4619      3.10%     62.55% |        4538      3.05%     65.60% |        4548      3.06%     68.66% |        4591      3.08%     71.74% |        4560      3.06%     74.81% |        4617      3.10%     77.91% |        4745      3.19%     81.10% |        4591      3.08%     84.18% |        4697      3.16%     87.34% |        4672      3.14%     90.48% |        4765      3.20%     93.68% |        4636      3.11%     96.79% |        4771      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       148830                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          10      3.03%      3.03% |           8      2.42%      5.45% |          11      3.33%      8.79% |           5      1.52%     10.30% |           5      1.52%     11.82% |           3      0.91%     12.73% |           9      2.73%     15.45% |           8      2.42%     17.88% |          13      3.94%     21.82% |           9      2.73%     24.55% |           9      2.73%     27.27% |          12      3.64%     30.91% |          11      3.33%     34.24% |          12      3.64%     37.88% |          13      3.94%     41.82% |          14      4.24%     46.06% |          15      4.55%     50.61% |          14      4.24%     54.85% |           9      2.73%     57.58% |          15      4.55%     62.12% |          14      4.24%     66.36% |           6      1.82%     68.18% |           8      2.42%     70.61% |          17      5.15%     75.76% |          19      5.76%     81.52% |           8      2.42%     83.94% |           9      2.73%     86.67% |          14      4.24%     90.91% |           8      2.42%     93.33% |           4      1.21%     94.55% |          11      3.33%     97.88% |           7      2.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          330                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2411      3.22%      3.22% |        2310      3.09%      6.31% |        2335      3.12%      9.44% |        2327      3.11%     12.55% |        2331      3.12%     15.67% |        2303      3.08%     18.75% |        2307      3.09%     21.83% |        2344      3.14%     24.97% |        2387      3.19%     28.16% |        2344      3.14%     31.30% |        2322      3.11%     34.40% |        2337      3.13%     37.53% |        2361      3.16%     40.69% |        2316      3.10%     43.78% |        2311      3.09%     46.88% |        2294      3.07%     49.94% |        2366      3.16%     53.11% |        2371      3.17%     56.28% |        2326      3.11%     59.39% |        2289      3.06%     62.45% |        2327      3.11%     65.56% |        2302      3.08%     68.64% |        2279      3.05%     71.69% |        2271      3.04%     74.73% |        2387      3.19%     77.92% |        2400      3.21%     81.13% |        2380      3.18%     84.32% |        2317      3.10%     87.42% |        2376      3.18%     90.59% |        2362      3.16%     93.75% |        2344      3.14%     96.89% |        2327      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        74764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       86253      8.24%      8.24% |       31854      3.04%     11.28% |       30753      2.94%     14.21% |       31437      3.00%     17.22% |       30929      2.95%     20.17% |       30546      2.92%     23.09% |       30422      2.91%     25.99% |       30371      2.90%     28.89% |       30471      2.91%     31.80% |       30869      2.95%     34.75% |       32858      3.14%     37.89% |       32020      3.06%     40.95% |       31439      3.00%     43.95% |       30353      2.90%     46.85% |       29959      2.86%     49.71% |       30247      2.89%     52.59% |       31076      2.97%     55.56% |       30639      2.93%     58.49% |       31006      2.96%     61.45% |       31143      2.97%     64.42% |       31194      2.98%     67.40% |       32265      3.08%     70.48% |       31161      2.98%     73.46% |       30474      2.91%     76.37% |       30517      2.91%     79.28% |       30814      2.94%     82.22% |       30485      2.91%     85.14% |       30177      2.88%     88.02% |       30736      2.94%     90.95% |       30081      2.87%     93.83% |       30836      2.94%     96.77% |       33827      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1047212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       18742      5.89%      5.89% |        9834      3.09%      8.97% |        9612      3.02%     11.99% |        9761      3.07%     15.06% |        9471      2.97%     18.03% |        9262      2.91%     20.94% |        9608      3.02%     23.96% |        9372      2.94%     26.90% |        9442      2.96%     29.86% |       10210      3.21%     33.07% |        9506      2.98%     36.05% |        9500      2.98%     39.04% |        9624      3.02%     42.06% |        9175      2.88%     44.94% |        9207      2.89%     47.83% |        9366      2.94%     50.77% |        9424      2.96%     53.73% |        9485      2.98%     56.71% |        9893      3.11%     59.82% |        9811      3.08%     62.90% |        9453      2.97%     65.87% |       10528      3.31%     69.17% |        9480      2.98%     72.15% |        9608      3.02%     75.17% |        9577      3.01%     78.17% |        9609      3.02%     81.19% |        9834      3.09%     84.28% |        9677      3.04%     87.32% |        9416      2.96%     90.27% |        9401      2.95%     93.22% |       11492      3.61%     96.83% |       10084      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       318464                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28165      4.02%      4.02% |       21656      3.09%      7.12% |       21687      3.10%     10.21% |       21681      3.10%     13.31% |       21649      3.09%     16.40% |       21665      3.09%     19.50% |       21672      3.10%     22.59% |       21676      3.10%     25.69% |       21679      3.10%     28.78% |       21685      3.10%     31.88% |       21688      3.10%     34.98% |       21683      3.10%     38.07% |       21658      3.09%     41.17% |       21681      3.10%     44.26% |       21665      3.09%     47.36% |       21667      3.09%     50.45% |       21690      3.10%     53.55% |       21688      3.10%     56.65% |       21689      3.10%     59.75% |       21685      3.10%     62.84% |       21664      3.09%     65.94% |       21691      3.10%     69.04% |       21676      3.10%     72.13% |       21688      3.10%     75.23% |       21692      3.10%     78.33% |       21693      3.10%     81.43% |       21704      3.10%     84.52% |       21682      3.10%     87.62% |       21676      3.10%     90.72% |       21666      3.09%     93.81% |       21667      3.09%     96.91% |       21661      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700169                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15319      3.14%      3.14% |       15294      3.13%      6.27% |       15305      3.14%      9.41% |       15290      3.13%     12.54% |       15249      3.12%     15.66% |       15252      3.12%     18.79% |       15256      3.13%     21.91% |       15261      3.13%     25.04% |       15190      3.11%     28.15% |       15276      3.13%     31.28% |       15300      3.13%     34.41% |       15259      3.13%     37.54% |       15293      3.13%     40.67% |       15279      3.13%     43.80% |       15302      3.13%     46.94% |       15281      3.13%     50.07% |       15183      3.11%     53.18% |       15209      3.12%     56.29% |       15267      3.13%     59.42% |       15263      3.13%     62.55% |       15245      3.12%     65.67% |       15283      3.13%     68.80% |       15296      3.13%     71.93% |       15269      3.13%     75.06% |       15207      3.12%     78.18% |       15218      3.12%     81.29% |       15251      3.12%     84.42% |       15194      3.11%     87.53% |       15219      3.12%     90.65% |       15216      3.12%     93.77% |       15232      3.12%     96.89% |       15200      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       488158                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1968      3.17%      3.17% |        1921      3.09%      6.26% |        1933      3.11%      9.37% |        1931      3.11%     12.48% |        1918      3.09%     15.57% |        1917      3.09%     18.65% |        1911      3.08%     21.73% |        1910      3.07%     24.80% |        1982      3.19%     27.99% |        1964      3.16%     31.15% |        1927      3.10%     34.25% |        1948      3.14%     37.39% |        1938      3.12%     40.51% |        1927      3.10%     43.61% |        1929      3.10%     46.72% |        1924      3.10%     49.81% |        1981      3.19%     53.00% |        1991      3.20%     56.21% |        1936      3.12%     59.32% |        1936      3.12%     62.44% |        1969      3.17%     65.61% |        1920      3.09%     68.70% |        1947      3.13%     71.83% |        1927      3.10%     74.93% |        1981      3.19%     78.12% |        1967      3.17%     81.29% |        1958      3.15%     84.44% |        1941      3.12%     87.56% |        1958      3.15%     90.71% |        1928      3.10%     93.82% |        1911      3.08%     96.89% |        1930      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        62129                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         828      3.11%      3.11% |         836      3.14%      6.24% |         812      3.05%      9.29% |         818      3.07%     12.36% |         823      3.09%     15.45% |         834      3.13%     18.58% |         834      3.13%     21.71% |         819      3.07%     24.78% |         830      3.11%     27.90% |         853      3.20%     31.10% |         804      3.02%     34.12% |         841      3.16%     37.27% |         828      3.11%     40.38% |         834      3.13%     43.51% |         821      3.08%     46.59% |         826      3.10%     49.69% |         842      3.16%     52.85% |         849      3.19%     56.04% |         805      3.02%     59.06% |         831      3.12%     62.18% |         851      3.19%     65.37% |         846      3.17%     68.55% |         823      3.09%     71.64% |         844      3.17%     74.80% |         837      3.14%     77.94% |         861      3.23%     81.18% |         814      3.05%     84.23% |         841      3.16%     87.39% |         842      3.16%     90.55% |         849      3.19%     93.73% |         832      3.12%     96.86% |         838      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        26646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      149388      5.79%      5.79% |       79537      3.08%      8.87% |       78239      3.03%     11.90% |       79051      3.06%     14.96% |       78176      3.03%     17.99% |       77597      3.01%     21.00% |       77818      3.01%     24.01% |       77534      3.00%     27.01% |       77636      3.01%     30.02% |       78886      3.06%     33.08% |       80173      3.11%     36.18% |       79288      3.07%     39.25% |       78849      3.05%     42.31% |       77312      2.99%     45.30% |       76941      2.98%     48.28% |       77369      3.00%     51.28% |       78182      3.03%     54.31% |       77838      3.02%     57.32% |       78683      3.05%     60.37% |       78742      3.05%     63.42% |       78407      3.04%     66.46% |       80629      3.12%     69.58% |       78461      3.04%     72.62% |       77900      3.02%     75.64% |       77866      3.02%     78.66% |       78216      3.03%     81.69% |       78150      3.03%     84.71% |       77617      3.01%     87.72% |       77941      3.02%     90.74% |       77273      2.99%     93.73% |       80129      3.10%     96.84% |       81672      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2581500                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           1      4.00%      8.00% |           2      8.00%     16.00% |           0      0.00%     16.00% |           2      8.00%     24.00% |           0      0.00%     24.00% |           0      0.00%     24.00% |           0      0.00%     24.00% |           2      8.00%     32.00% |           2      8.00%     40.00% |           1      4.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           3     12.00%     64.00% |           1      4.00%     68.00% |           1      4.00%     72.00% |           2      8.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           2      8.00%     88.00% |           0      0.00%     88.00% |           0      0.00%     88.00% |           2      8.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          12      3.90%      3.90% |          14      4.55%      8.44% |           9      2.92%     11.36% |           6      1.95%     13.31% |          13      4.22%     17.53% |           5      1.62%     19.16% |          11      3.57%     22.73% |           9      2.92%     25.65% |          10      3.25%     28.90% |           4      1.30%     30.19% |          16      5.19%     35.39% |           6      1.95%     37.34% |          13      4.22%     41.56% |           1      0.32%     41.88% |           6      1.95%     43.83% |          10      3.25%     47.08% |           8      2.60%     49.68% |           4      1.30%     50.97% |           7      2.27%     53.25% |          11      3.57%     56.82% |          16      5.19%     62.01% |           8      2.60%     64.61% |          15      4.87%     69.48% |           6      1.95%     71.43% |          15      4.87%     76.30% |           5      1.62%     77.92% |           8      2.60%     80.52% |          10      3.25%     83.77% |          16      5.19%     88.96% |          11      3.57%     92.53% |          13      4.22%     96.75% |          10      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          308                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         101      3.61%      3.61% |          74      2.65%      6.26% |          74      2.65%      8.91% |          77      2.75%     11.66% |          85      3.04%     14.70% |          68      2.43%     17.14% |          74      2.65%     19.79% |          71      2.54%     22.33% |          84      3.01%     25.33% |          82      2.93%     28.26% |         100      3.58%     31.84% |          82      2.93%     34.78% |          90      3.22%     38.00% |          88      3.15%     41.14% |          86      3.08%     44.22% |          88      3.15%     47.37% |          97      3.47%     50.84% |          91      3.26%     54.10% |          71      2.54%     56.64% |          77      2.75%     59.39% |         102      3.65%     63.04% |         151      5.40%     68.44% |         103      3.69%     72.13% |          75      2.68%     74.81% |          80      2.86%     77.67% |          78      2.79%     80.47% |          79      2.83%     83.29% |          86      3.08%     86.37% |          98      3.51%     89.87% |          81      2.90%     92.77% |         105      3.76%     96.53% |          97      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2795                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     28.17%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |          17     23.94%     52.11% |          17     23.94%     76.06% |          17     23.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.93%      0.93% |           0      0.00%      0.93% |           0      0.00%      0.93% |           0      0.00%      0.93% |           0      0.00%      0.93% |           0      0.00%      0.93% |           0      0.00%      0.93% |           0      0.00%      0.93% |           0      0.00%      0.93% |          25     23.36%     24.30% |           0      0.00%     24.30% |           1      0.93%     25.23% |           0      0.00%     25.23% |           1      0.93%     26.17% |           1      0.93%     27.10% |           0      0.00%     27.10% |           0      0.00%     27.10% |           1      0.93%     28.04% |           0      0.00%     28.04% |           2      1.87%     29.91% |          55     51.40%     81.31% |          13     12.15%     93.46% |           0      0.00%     93.46% |           0      0.00%     93.46% |           4      3.74%     97.20% |           2      1.87%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           1      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     91.67%     91.67% |           2      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46095      3.64%      3.64% |       39374      3.11%      6.75% |       39433      3.11%      9.86% |       39404      3.11%     12.97% |       39348      3.11%     16.07% |       39316      3.10%     19.18% |       39343      3.11%     22.28% |       39383      3.11%     25.39% |       39372      3.11%     28.50% |       39415      3.11%     31.61% |       39448      3.11%     34.72% |       39388      3.11%     37.83% |       39437      3.11%     40.94% |       39386      3.11%     44.05% |       39392      3.11%     47.16% |       39361      3.11%     50.27% |       39365      3.11%     53.38% |       39385      3.11%     56.48% |       39383      3.11%     59.59% |       39347      3.11%     62.70% |       39376      3.11%     65.81% |       39458      3.11%     68.92% |       39391      3.11%     72.03% |       39330      3.10%     75.13% |       39404      3.11%     78.24% |       39420      3.11%     81.36% |       39444      3.11%     84.47% |       39309      3.10%     87.57% |       39406      3.11%     90.68% |       39358      3.11%     93.79% |       39383      3.11%     96.90% |       39319      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1266973                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          63     19.69%     19.69% |          12      3.75%     23.44% |           8      2.50%     25.94% |           5      1.56%     27.50% |          12      3.75%     31.25% |           3      0.94%     32.19% |          10      3.12%     35.31% |           8      2.50%     37.81% |           8      2.50%     40.31% |           3      0.94%     41.25% |          13      4.06%     45.31% |           6      1.88%     47.19% |          13      4.06%     51.25% |           1      0.31%     51.56% |           6      1.88%     53.44% |          10      3.12%     56.56% |           8      2.50%     59.06% |           3      0.94%     60.00% |           6      1.88%     61.88% |          11      3.44%     65.31% |          15      4.69%     70.00% |           4      1.25%     71.25% |          12      3.75%     75.00% |           6      1.88%     76.88% |          14      4.38%     81.25% |           4      1.25%     82.50% |           7      2.19%     84.69% |           8      2.50%     87.19% |          13      4.06%     91.25% |           9      2.81%     94.06% |          12      3.75%     97.81% |           7      2.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.14%      7.14% |           2      4.76%     11.90% |           1      2.38%     14.29% |           1      2.38%     16.67% |           1      2.38%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           1      2.38%     26.19% |           1      2.38%     28.57% |           2      4.76%     33.33% |           1      2.38%     35.71% |           3      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      2.38%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      2.38%     50.00% |           4      9.52%     59.52% |           3      7.14%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           1      2.38%     73.81% |           2      4.76%     78.57% |           3      7.14%     85.71% |           2      4.76%     90.48% |           1      2.38%     92.86% |           3      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     19.35%     19.35% |          25     80.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           1      7.69%     15.38% |           1      7.69%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           1      7.69%     30.77% |           1      7.69%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           1      7.69%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          10      3.07%      3.07% |           6      1.84%      4.91% |          10      3.07%      7.98% |          11      3.37%     11.35% |          14      4.29%     15.64% |           5      1.53%     17.18% |           1      0.31%     17.48% |           7      2.15%     19.63% |          12      3.68%     23.31% |           6      1.84%     25.15% |           6      1.84%     26.99% |           4      1.23%     28.22% |          10      3.07%     31.29% |           5      1.53%     32.82% |           4      1.23%     34.05% |           8      2.45%     36.50% |          12      3.68%     40.18% |           8      2.45%     42.64% |           9      2.76%     45.40% |          10      3.07%     48.47% |          31      9.51%     57.98% |          40     12.27%     70.25% |          10      3.07%     73.31% |           9      2.76%     76.07% |           8      2.45%     78.53% |          10      3.07%     81.60% |           5      1.53%     83.13% |          10      3.07%     86.20% |          15      4.60%     90.80% |           9      2.76%     93.56% |          14      4.29%     97.85% |           7      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          326                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          91      3.69%      3.69% |          68      2.76%      6.44% |          64      2.59%      9.04% |          66      2.67%     11.71% |          71      2.88%     14.59% |          63      2.55%     17.14% |          73      2.96%     20.10% |          64      2.59%     22.69% |          72      2.92%     25.61% |          76      3.08%     28.69% |          94      3.81%     32.50% |          78      3.16%     35.66% |          80      3.24%     38.90% |          83      3.36%     42.26% |          82      3.32%     45.58% |          80      3.24%     48.82% |          85      3.44%     52.27% |          83      3.36%     55.63% |          62      2.51%     58.14% |          67      2.71%     60.86% |          71      2.88%     63.74% |         111      4.50%     68.23% |          93      3.77%     72.00% |          66      2.67%     74.68% |          72      2.92%     77.59% |          68      2.76%     80.35% |          73      2.96%     83.31% |          76      3.08%     86.39% |          83      3.36%     89.75% |          72      2.92%     92.67% |          91      3.69%     96.35% |          90      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2468                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2791      3.20%      3.20% |        2813      3.23%      6.43% |        2781      3.19%      9.61% |        2821      3.23%     12.85% |        2723      3.12%     15.97% |        2756      3.16%     19.13% |        2699      3.09%     22.22% |        2720      3.12%     25.34% |        2689      3.08%     28.43% |        2715      3.11%     31.54% |        2665      3.06%     34.59% |        2720      3.12%     37.71% |        2628      3.01%     40.73% |        2637      3.02%     43.75% |        2567      2.94%     46.69% |        2592      2.97%     49.66% |        2641      3.03%     52.69% |        2711      3.11%     55.80% |        2625      3.01%     58.81% |        2691      3.09%     61.90% |        2757      3.16%     65.06% |        2686      3.08%     68.14% |        2680      3.07%     71.21% |        2670      3.06%     74.27% |        2781      3.19%     77.46% |        2857      3.28%     80.73% |        2765      3.17%     83.90% |        2793      3.20%     87.11% |        2832      3.25%     90.35% |        2836      3.25%     93.61% |        2763      3.17%     96.77% |        2814      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        87219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2411      3.22%      3.22% |        2310      3.09%      6.31% |        2335      3.12%      9.44% |        2327      3.11%     12.55% |        2331      3.12%     15.67% |        2303      3.08%     18.75% |        2307      3.09%     21.83% |        2344      3.14%     24.97% |        2387      3.19%     28.16% |        2344      3.14%     31.30% |        2322      3.11%     34.40% |        2337      3.13%     37.53% |        2361      3.16%     40.69% |        2316      3.10%     43.78% |        2311      3.09%     46.88% |        2294      3.07%     49.94% |        2366      3.16%     53.11% |        2371      3.17%     56.28% |        2326      3.11%     59.39% |        2289      3.06%     62.45% |        2327      3.11%     65.56% |        2302      3.08%     68.64% |        2279      3.05%     71.69% |        2271      3.04%     74.73% |        2387      3.19%     77.92% |        2400      3.21%     81.13% |        2380      3.18%     84.32% |        2317      3.10%     87.42% |        2376      3.18%     90.59% |        2362      3.16%     93.75% |        2344      3.14%     96.89% |        2327      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        74764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           6      0.67%      0.67% |          13      1.44%      2.11% |          33      3.67%      5.78% |          32      3.56%      9.33% |          40      4.44%     13.78% |          50      5.56%     19.33% |          47      5.22%     24.56% |          44      4.89%     29.44% |          42      4.67%     34.11% |          42      4.67%     38.78% |          47      5.22%     44.00% |          43      4.78%     48.78% |          46      5.11%     53.89% |          55      6.11%     60.00% |          47      5.22%     65.22% |          42      4.67%     69.89% |          43      4.78%     74.67% |          32      3.56%     78.22% |          36      4.00%     82.22% |          23      2.56%     84.78% |          20      2.22%     87.00% |          19      2.11%     89.11% |          11      1.22%     90.33% |          10      1.11%     91.44% |           5      0.56%     92.00% |           7      0.78%     92.78% |          13      1.44%     94.22% |           5      0.56%     94.78% |          12      1.33%     96.11% |           9      1.00%     97.11% |          13      1.44%     98.56% |          13      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total          900                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24647      4.24%      4.24% |       18022      3.10%      7.33% |       18052      3.10%     10.44% |       18019      3.10%     13.53% |       17961      3.09%     16.62% |       17933      3.08%     19.70% |       17939      3.08%     22.78% |       17946      3.08%     25.87% |       17952      3.09%     28.95% |       18011      3.10%     32.05% |       18028      3.10%     35.15% |       17946      3.08%     38.23% |       17980      3.09%     41.32% |       17944      3.08%     44.40% |       17948      3.08%     47.49% |       17934      3.08%     50.57% |       17916      3.08%     53.65% |       17937      3.08%     56.73% |       17936      3.08%     59.82% |       17948      3.08%     62.90% |       17970      3.09%     65.99% |       18008      3.09%     69.08% |       18035      3.10%     72.18% |       17967      3.09%     75.27% |       17988      3.09%     78.36% |       17989      3.09%     81.45% |       18020      3.10%     84.55% |       17958      3.09%     87.64% |       18024      3.10%     90.73% |       17966      3.09%     93.82% |       17983      3.09%     96.91% |       17969      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       581876                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         477      3.10%      3.10% |         430      2.79%      5.89% |         458      2.97%      8.87% |         453      2.94%     11.81% |         471      3.06%     14.87% |         457      2.97%     17.84% |         477      3.10%     20.93% |         518      3.36%     24.30% |         490      3.18%     27.48% |         474      3.08%     30.56% |         506      3.29%     33.85% |         503      3.27%     37.11% |         534      3.47%     40.58% |         523      3.40%     43.98% |         527      3.42%     47.40% |         510      3.31%     50.71% |         523      3.40%     54.11% |         516      3.35%     57.46% |         517      3.36%     60.82% |         473      3.07%     63.89% |         457      2.97%     66.86% |         482      3.13%     69.99% |         436      2.83%     72.82% |         437      2.84%     75.66% |         480      3.12%     78.78% |         505      3.28%     82.06% |         488      3.17%     85.23% |         433      2.81%     88.04% |         463      3.01%     91.05% |         471      3.06%     94.11% |         470      3.05%     97.16% |         437      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15396                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21947      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21973      3.13%     65.62% |       21992      3.13%     68.76% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702469                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          16      2.68%      2.68% |          20      3.36%      6.04% |          21      3.52%      9.56% |          17      2.85%     12.42% |          16      2.68%     15.10% |          19      3.19%     18.29% |          13      2.18%     20.47% |          14      2.35%     22.82% |          17      2.85%     25.67% |          21      3.52%     29.19% |          22      3.69%     32.89% |          23      3.86%     36.74% |          25      4.19%     40.94% |          18      3.02%     43.96% |          14      2.35%     46.31% |          15      2.52%     48.83% |          13      2.18%     51.01% |          20      3.36%     54.36% |          16      2.68%     57.05% |          21      3.52%     60.57% |          25      4.19%     64.77% |          22      3.69%     68.46% |          14      2.35%     70.81% |           8      1.34%     72.15% |          19      3.19%     75.34% |          24      4.03%     79.36% |          29      4.87%     84.23% |          36      6.04%     90.27% |          17      2.85%     93.12% |          21      3.52%     96.64% |           9      1.51%     98.15% |          11      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          596                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1      2.08%      2.08% |           0      0.00%      2.08% |           1      2.08%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           3      6.25%     10.42% |           0      0.00%     10.42% |           3      6.25%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      2.08%     18.75% |           1      2.08%     20.83% |           5     10.42%     31.25% |           3      6.25%     37.50% |           2      4.17%     41.67% |           2      4.17%     45.83% |           3      6.25%     52.08% |           1      2.08%     54.17% |           3      6.25%     60.42% |           0      0.00%     60.42% |           0      0.00%     60.42% |           2      4.17%     64.58% |           1      2.08%     66.67% |           2      4.17%     70.83% |           5     10.42%     81.25% |           2      4.17%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           1      2.08%     89.58% |           0      0.00%     89.58% |           2      4.17%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           3      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      152465      5.70%      5.70% |       82492      3.08%      8.78% |       81176      3.03%     11.81% |       81991      3.06%     14.87% |       81124      3.03%     17.90% |       80525      3.01%     20.91% |       80754      3.02%     23.93% |       80451      3.01%     26.94% |       80649      3.01%     29.95% |       81897      3.06%     33.01% |       83134      3.11%     36.11% |       82270      3.07%     39.19% |       81818      3.06%     42.24% |       80249      3.00%     45.24% |       79876      2.98%     48.23% |       80314      3.00%     51.23% |       81208      3.03%     54.26% |       80866      3.02%     57.28% |       81594      3.05%     60.33% |       81683      3.05%     63.38% |       81441      3.04%     66.43% |       83639      3.12%     69.55% |       81443      3.04%     72.59% |       80843      3.02%     75.61% |       80879      3.02%     78.63% |       81223      3.03%     81.67% |       81113      3.03%     84.70% |       80595      3.01%     87.71% |       80961      3.02%     90.73% |       80242      3.00%     93.73% |       83097      3.10%     96.84% |       84655      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2676667                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          10      3.29%      3.29% |           8      2.63%      5.92% |          11      3.62%      9.54% |           4      1.32%     10.86% |           4      1.32%     12.17% |           3      0.99%     13.16% |           9      2.96%     16.12% |           8      2.63%     18.75% |          12      3.95%     22.70% |           8      2.63%     25.33% |           7      2.30%     27.63% |          12      3.95%     31.58% |           9      2.96%     34.54% |          10      3.29%     37.83% |          13      4.28%     42.11% |          13      4.28%     46.38% |          12      3.95%     50.33% |          13      4.28%     54.61% |           9      2.96%     57.57% |          14      4.61%     62.17% |          12      3.95%     66.12% |           6      1.97%     68.09% |           8      2.63%     70.72% |          14      4.61%     75.33% |          15      4.93%     80.26% |           7      2.30%     82.57% |           9      2.96%     85.53% |          14      4.61%     90.13% |           8      2.63%     92.76% |           4      1.32%     94.08% |          11      3.62%     97.70% |           7      2.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1952      3.25%      3.25% |        1897      3.16%      6.41% |        1854      3.09%      9.50% |        1867      3.11%     12.61% |        1850      3.08%     15.69% |        1849      3.08%     18.77% |        1858      3.10%     21.87% |        1842      3.07%     24.94% |        1871      3.12%     28.05% |        1882      3.13%     31.19% |        1864      3.11%     34.29% |        1874      3.12%     37.41% |        1882      3.13%     40.55% |        1840      3.07%     43.61% |        1856      3.09%     46.71% |        1889      3.15%     49.85% |        1929      3.21%     53.07% |        1919      3.20%     56.26% |        1862      3.10%     59.36% |        1858      3.10%     62.46% |        1870      3.12%     65.57% |        1833      3.05%     68.63% |        1876      3.12%     71.75% |        1872      3.12%     74.87% |        1911      3.18%     78.05% |        1920      3.20%     81.25% |        1882      3.13%     84.39% |        1882      3.13%     87.52% |        1912      3.18%     90.71% |        1844      3.07%     93.78% |        1864      3.11%     96.88% |        1871      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        60032                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          16      0.76%      0.76% |          24      1.15%      1.91% |          79      3.77%      5.68% |          64      3.05%      8.74% |          68      3.25%     11.98% |          68      3.25%     15.23% |          53      2.53%     17.76% |          68      3.25%     21.00% |         111      5.30%     26.30% |          82      3.91%     30.21% |          63      3.01%     33.22% |          74      3.53%     36.75% |          56      2.67%     39.43% |          87      4.15%     43.58% |          73      3.48%     47.06% |          35      1.67%     48.74% |          52      2.48%     51.22% |          72      3.44%     54.65% |          74      3.53%     58.19% |          78      3.72%     61.91% |          99      4.73%     66.63% |          87      4.15%     70.79% |          71      3.39%     74.18% |          55      2.63%     76.80% |          70      3.34%     80.14% |          45      2.15%     82.29% |          76      3.63%     85.92% |          59      2.82%     88.74% |          46      2.20%     90.93% |          84      4.01%     94.94% |          47      2.24%     97.18% |          59      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2095                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          16      0.76%      0.76% |          24      1.15%      1.91% |          79      3.77%      5.68% |          64      3.05%      8.74% |          68      3.25%     11.98% |          68      3.25%     15.23% |          53      2.53%     17.76% |          68      3.25%     21.00% |         111      5.30%     26.30% |          82      3.91%     30.21% |          63      3.01%     33.22% |          74      3.53%     36.75% |          56      2.67%     39.43% |          87      4.15%     43.58% |          73      3.48%     47.06% |          35      1.67%     48.74% |          52      2.48%     51.22% |          72      3.44%     54.65% |          74      3.53%     58.19% |          78      3.72%     61.91% |          99      4.73%     66.63% |          87      4.15%     70.79% |          71      3.39%     74.18% |          55      2.63%     76.80% |          70      3.34%     80.14% |          45      2.15%     82.29% |          76      3.63%     85.92% |          59      2.82%     88.74% |          46      2.20%     90.93% |          84      4.01%     94.94% |          47      2.24%     97.18% |          59      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2095                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           2     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1952      3.25%      3.25% |        1897      3.16%      6.41% |        1854      3.09%      9.50% |        1867      3.11%     12.61% |        1850      3.08%     15.69% |        1849      3.08%     18.77% |        1858      3.09%     21.87% |        1842      3.07%     24.93% |        1871      3.12%     28.05% |        1882      3.13%     31.19% |        1864      3.10%     34.29% |        1874      3.12%     37.41% |        1882      3.13%     40.55% |        1840      3.06%     43.61% |        1856      3.09%     46.70% |        1889      3.15%     49.85% |        1929      3.21%     53.06% |        1919      3.20%     56.26% |        1862      3.10%     59.36% |        1858      3.09%     62.46% |        1870      3.11%     65.57% |        1833      3.05%     68.62% |        1876      3.12%     71.75% |        1872      3.12%     74.87% |        1911      3.18%     78.05% |        1922      3.20%     81.25% |        1882      3.13%     84.39% |        1882      3.13%     87.52% |        1912      3.18%     90.71% |        1844      3.07%     93.78% |        1864      3.10%     96.88% |        1871      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        60034                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      514826     19.67%     19.67% |     1308978     50.00%     69.67% |      100343      3.83%     73.50% |      101787      3.89%     77.39% |      102251      3.91%     81.29% |      107981      4.12%     85.42% |       95583      3.65%     89.07% |      104830      4.00%     93.07% |       88607      3.38%     96.46% |       92770      3.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2617956                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      514826     19.67%     19.67% |     1308978     50.00%     69.67% |      100343      3.83%     73.50% |      101787      3.89%     77.39% |      102251      3.91%     81.29% |      107981      4.12%     85.42% |       95583      3.65%     89.07% |      104830      4.00%     93.07% |       88607      3.38%     96.46% |       92770      3.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2617956                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      514826     19.67%     19.67% |     1308978     50.00%     69.67% |      100343      3.83%     73.50% |      101787      3.89%     77.39% |      102251      3.91%     81.29% |      107981      4.12%     85.42% |       95583      3.65%     89.07% |      104830      4.00%     93.07% |       88607      3.38%     96.46% |       92770      3.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2617956                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      514826     19.67%     19.67% |     1308978     50.00%     69.67% |      100343      3.83%     73.50% |      101787      3.89%     77.39% |      102251      3.91%     81.29% |      107981      4.12%     85.42% |       95583      3.65%     89.07% |      104830      4.00%     93.07% |       88607      3.38%     96.46% |       92770      3.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2617956                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
