
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.042282                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42282307000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5218450385500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39829                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    69941                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               57414574                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4773344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   736.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    29331464                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      51507216                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4968512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4968512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3962240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3962240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    117508063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            117508063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     93709172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            93709172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    211217236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           211217236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77633                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61910                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77633                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61910                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4966976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3962048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4968512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3962240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       25                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  42282032000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77633                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61910                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  68422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   7381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        48002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   185.996250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   133.971898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   181.304442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20352     42.40%     42.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14261     29.71%     72.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8397     17.49%     89.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2029      4.23%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1036      2.16%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          558      1.16%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          400      0.83%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          337      0.70%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          632      1.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        48002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.439383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.760213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12045     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.137084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.116726                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.548066                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11948     99.15%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            91      0.76%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15            7      0.06%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            5      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1156315983                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2611484733                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    14899.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33649.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      117.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       93.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   117.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    93.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   55153                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  36353                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               58.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    303003.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   65.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    9178763750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1411800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    31689282250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              182044800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              180820080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               99330000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               98661750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305042400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300214200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199311840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201813120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2761480800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2761480800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        17546026995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        17083273635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9976506750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        10382430750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          31069743585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          31008694335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.863750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.419809                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4884160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4884160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3885120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3885120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60705                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60705                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    115513092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            115513092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     91885242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            91885242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    207398333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           207398333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76315                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60705                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76315                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60705                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4883392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3885120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4884160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3885120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       14                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  42281575500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76315                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60705                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  67989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   6659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        45937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   190.857566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   137.103150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.232493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18881     41.10%     41.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13724     29.88%     70.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8340     18.16%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1980      4.31%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1053      2.29%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          561      1.22%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          403      0.88%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          336      0.73%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          659      1.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        45937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.436356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.206028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11850     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.120624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.102908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.509692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11767     99.26%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            77      0.65%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15            7      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            4      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1077645482                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2508326732                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    14123.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32873.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      115.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       91.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   115.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    91.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   54504                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  36556                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               60.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    308579.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   66.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    9545834500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1411800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    31322089000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              175437360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              171778320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               95724750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               93728250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300799200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294223800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195870960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197400240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2761480800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2761480800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        17394332895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        16661324295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10109571750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10752561750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          31033217715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          30932497455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          733.999838                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          731.617595                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4884288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4884288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3886080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3886080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    115516119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            115516119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     91907946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            91907946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    207424065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           207424065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60720                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4883328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3885888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4884288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3886080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        9                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  42282063500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  67960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   6712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                    277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                     51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        45805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   191.429931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   137.689569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.031246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18660     40.74%     40.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13706     29.92%     70.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8461     18.47%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1953      4.26%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1046      2.28%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          579      1.26%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          424      0.93%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          330      0.72%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          646      1.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        45805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.432341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.267512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11856     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.119046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.102275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.485881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11774     99.27%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            80      0.67%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15            5      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1075291478                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             2505953978                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    14092.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32842.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      115.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       91.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   115.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    91.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   54543                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  36665                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                71.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               60.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    308544.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   66.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    9526887750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1411800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    31340923500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              175429800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              170818200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               95720625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               93204375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300744600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294317400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195903360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197510400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2761480800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2761480800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        17299857960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        16820006310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10192444500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10613367000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          31021581645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          30950704485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          733.724621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          732.048229                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4859008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4859008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3877888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3877888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    114918233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            114918233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     91714201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            91714201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    206632434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           206632434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75923                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60592                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75923                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60592                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4858496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3877696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4859072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3877888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       18                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  42281552500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75923                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60592                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  67684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   6627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                    268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                     87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        45439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   192.242259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   137.847352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.055207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18532     40.78%     40.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13654     30.05%     70.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8203     18.05%     88.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2021      4.45%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1044      2.30%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          532      1.17%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          429      0.94%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          351      0.77%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          673      1.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        45439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.405113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.229856                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11845     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11851                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.112564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.096928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.473949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11784     99.43%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            61      0.51%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15            3      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11851                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1053896731                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             2477284231                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13882.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32632.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      114.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       91.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   114.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    91.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   54334                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  36725                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                71.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               60.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    309720.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   66.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    9536405250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1411800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    31331522250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              172844280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              170659440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               94309875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               93117750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298607400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293436000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195326640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197257680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2761480800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2761480800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        17202190455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        16764620265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        10278117750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10661951250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          31002877200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          30942523185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          733.282222                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          731.854725                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4839                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              433160                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107160                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1818000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                6943697                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 27.484453                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.402049                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                18.177018                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6908258     99.49%     99.49% |       32267      0.46%     99.95% |        1646      0.02%     99.98% |         646      0.01%     99.99% |         258      0.00%     99.99% |         351      0.01%    100.00% |         266      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  6943697                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     19199553                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.853662                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.639363                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.053677                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    17778311     92.60%     92.60% |     1375265      7.16%     99.76% |       34036      0.18%     99.94% |        7856      0.04%     99.98% |        2328      0.01%     99.99% |        1136      0.01%    100.00% |         401      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      19199553                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            19199549                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              11.333315                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.886796                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             36.774574                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    19130215     99.64%     99.64% |       60670      0.32%     99.95% |        7255      0.04%     99.99% |        1233      0.01%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              19199549                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        17777034                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001159                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001000                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.034153                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17756507     99.88%     99.88% |       20451      0.12%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          17777034                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1422515                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        115.459478                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean        98.472956                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        80.888412                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1353181     95.13%     95.13% |       60670      4.26%     99.39% |        7255      0.51%     99.90% |        1233      0.09%     99.99% |         165      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1422515                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         560458                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       560458                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10439066                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289153                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     10728219                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6575734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6698917                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1024907                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15971                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       422882                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1319333                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39919                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       184359                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       247863                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       432222                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        32197                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits       201889                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       257589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       459478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        32573                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits       181869                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       250465                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       432334                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        32249                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits       194117                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       254228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       448345                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        31693                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        26568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        72889                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24778                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        44286                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24800                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        45115                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24693                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        45201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18569                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        25131                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        43700                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18630                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24745                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        43375                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17512                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24746                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        42258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17768                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        42460                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19244                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        25093                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        44337                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18528                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24737                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        43265                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24653                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        43117                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        18127                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24698                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        42825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17914                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24829                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        42743                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17772                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        25028                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        42800                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20558                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24759                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        45317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24721                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        42566                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17474                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24603                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        42077                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18364                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        25071                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        43435                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18553                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24718                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        43271                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17670                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        42361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18906                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24596                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        43502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        25053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        43583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19349                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        43983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18937                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24751                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        43688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        44984                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22051                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24687                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        46738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18422                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        25058                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        43480                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18440                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24740                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        43180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17699                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24728                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        42427                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17311                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24719                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        42030                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17869                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        25126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        42995                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19768                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24761                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        44529                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          585                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8633201                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8633201                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8790453                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8633200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4394841                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4390316                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8633200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.102090                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      6413839                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      6413839                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6578208                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6413839                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3966285                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3957043                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      6413839                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.075845                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5463863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5463863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5639326                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5463863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2544160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2538751                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5463863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.064612                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      5451618                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      5451618                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5612153                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5451618                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2668902                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2663694                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      5451618                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.064467                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      5225829                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      5225829                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5402323                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5225829                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2615529                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2610329                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      5225829                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.061797                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      5421590                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      5421590                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5596038                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5421590                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2712864                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2707930                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      5421590                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.064112                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2560590                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2560590                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2577351                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2560590                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034506                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1034130                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2560590                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030280                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1760333                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1760333                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1767460                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1760333                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       797470                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       797177                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1760333                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1249840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1249840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1251675                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1249840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       634683                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       634632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1249840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.014780                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1531520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1531520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1535372                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1531520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       823904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       823768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1531520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018111                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       987745                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       987745                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       989470                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       987745                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       461923                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       461893                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       987745                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1296230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1296230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1298268                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1296230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       627984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627898                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1296230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015328                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1628945                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1628945                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1632737                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1628945                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       856980                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       856829                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1628945                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.019263                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1017658                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1017658                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1019451                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1017658                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       460914                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       460854                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1017658                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.012034                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       613217                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       613217                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       615977                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       613217                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       282831                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       282785                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       613217                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.007251                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1014209                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1014209                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1017992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1014209                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       461794                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       461701                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1014209                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.011993                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1407013                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1407013                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1411435                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1407013                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       596968                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       596865                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1407013                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.016638                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1148762                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1148762                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1151558                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1148762                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       519915                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       519834                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1148762                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013584                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1081413                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1081413                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1086116                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1081413                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       487974                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       487873                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1081413                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012788                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       628985                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       628985                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       630299                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       628985                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       288885                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       288841                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       628985                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007438                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       708792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       708792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       709406                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       708792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       379790                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       379772                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       708792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008382                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       901208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       901208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       903402                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       901208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       489023                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       488916                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       901208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010657                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       654526                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       654526                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       654905                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       654526                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       330450                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       330450                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       654526                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007740                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       416767                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       416767                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       416767                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       416767                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       199691                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       199691                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       416767                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004928                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       663648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       663648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       664203                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       663648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       331864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       331848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       663648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007848                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       871608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       871608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       873550                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       871608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       469352                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       469276                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       871608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.010307                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       644916                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       644916                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       645247                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       644916                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       319936                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       319932                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       644916                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007626                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       428348                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       428348                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       428348                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       428348                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       203448                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       203448                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       428348                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005065                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      2893529                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      2893529                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2910148                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2893529                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1280539                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1280253                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      2893529                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034217                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2966107                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2966107                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2985291                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2966107                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1299646                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1299303                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2966107                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.035075                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2105580                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2105580                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2118851                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2105580                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       922490                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       922168                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2105580                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.024899                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2203734                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2203734                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2218431                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2203734                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       963394                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       963030                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2203734                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026060                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5269889     28.37%     28.37% |    11297431     60.82%     89.19% |     2008756     10.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18576076                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5269891     28.37%     28.37% |    11297432     60.82%     89.19% |     2008756     10.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18576079                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   137358682                       |   280062899                       |    47971381                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    17468625                       |    47994938                       |     2009408                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.064815                       |   24.789963                       |   23.881139                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.314799                       |    4.248305                       |    1.000325                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.053352                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     3.632251                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         28.685603                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003401                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.070371      6.72%      6.72% |    0.070308      6.71%     13.43% |    0.070274      6.71%     20.14% |    0.070204      6.70%     26.84% |    0.160923     15.36%     42.21% |    0.159656     15.24%     57.45% |    0.160911     15.36%     72.81% |    0.159540     15.23%     88.05% |    0.031293      2.99%     91.03% |    0.031305      2.99%     94.02% |    0.031298      2.99%     97.01% |    0.031298      2.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.047379                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.025866                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.019807                       |    0.000001                       |    0.019012                       |    0.020240                       |    0.019008                       |    0.019713                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004569                       |    0.002475                       |    0.002372                       |    0.002435                       |    0.002389                       |    0.002388                       |    0.002338                       |    0.002316                       |    0.002355                       |    0.002480                       |    0.002532                       |    0.002538                       |    0.002407                       |    0.002408                       |    0.002330                       |    0.002342                       |    0.002448                       |    0.002400                       |    0.002396                       |    0.002374                       |    0.002345                       |    0.002553                       |    0.002356                       |    0.002322                       |    0.002383                       |    0.002405                       |    0.002347                       |    0.002412                       |    0.002390                       |    0.002431                       |    0.002507                       |    0.002641                       |    0.005490                       |    0.005392                       |    0.005392                       |    0.005364                       |    0.000290                       |           0                       |    0.003617                       |    0.010286                       |    0.001609                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001591                       |    0.001720                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002650                       |    0.000294                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002635                       |    0.002802                       |           0                       |    0.002649                       |           0                       |    0.004340                       |    0.004990                       |    0.002800                       |           0                       |    0.002664                       |    0.004461                       |           0                       |    0.008528                       |    0.007594                       |    0.010970                       |    0.016464                       |    0.002640                       |    0.001609                       |    0.017824                       |    0.016084                       |    0.009992                       |    0.016891                       |    0.002678                       |    0.001750                       |    0.019024                       |    0.017296                       |    0.006827                       |           0                       |    0.002638                       |    0.004372                       |           0                       |    0.008212                       |    0.008370                       |    0.011483                       |           0                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.004921                       |    0.004177                       |    0.003479                       |           0                       |    0.002671                       |           0                       |    0.002383                       |    0.002793                       |           0                       |    0.002780                       |           0                       |    0.001406                       |    0.002553                       |    0.003918                       |           0                       |    0.002669                       |           0                       |    0.001262                       |    0.005157                       |    0.005033                       |    0.003990                       |    0.016614                       |    0.002664                       |    0.001591                       |    0.003523                       |    0.010278                       |    0.022513                       |    0.004614                       |    0.027941                       |    0.004053                       |    0.003617                       |    0.015000                       |    0.018060                       |    0.028769                       |    0.004650                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002701                       |    0.010286                       |    0.015746                       |    0.023900                       |    0.018625                       |    0.004584                       |    0.016688                       |    0.002632                       |    0.001720                       |    0.005035                       |    0.022460                       |    0.010309                       |    0.005269                       |           0                       |    0.002673                       |           0                       |    0.002038                       |    0.004812                       |    0.005109                       |    0.004632                       |           0                       |    0.002657                       |           0                       |    0.001287                       |    0.002405                       |    0.003958                       |           0                       |    0.002633                       |           0                       |    0.000145                       |    0.002356                       |    0.002606                       |           0                       |    0.002727                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001466                       |    0.004889                       |    0.002599                       |           0                       |    0.002713                       |    0.004372                       |           0                       |    0.004746                       |    0.002802                       |    0.007657                       |    0.002609                       |           0                       |    0.002602                       |           0                       |    0.017692                       |    0.003778                       |    0.003497                       |    0.002712                       |           0                       |    0.002607                       |           0                       |    0.005027                       |    0.007335                       |    0.003209                       |    0.002639                       |           0                       |    0.002790                       |    0.004357                       |           0                       |    0.005371                       |    0.008237                       |    0.002648                       |    0.002657                       |           0                       |    0.002642                       |           0                       |    0.000664                       |    0.004755                       |    0.001322                       |    0.002652                       |           0                       |    0.002627                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002347                       |    0.002653                       |           0                       |    0.002606                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002322                       |           0                       |    0.002599                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004652                       |           0                       |    0.002609                       |           0                       |    0.003719                       |           0                       |    0.005665                       |           0                       |    0.002712                       |           0                       |    0.008300                       |    0.002390                       |    0.003236                       |           0                       |    0.002639                       |           0                       |    0.002183                       |    0.005814                       |    0.002949                       |           0                       |    0.002657                       |           0                       |    0.004822                       |    0.005310                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002652                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004786                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002653                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002412                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.047379                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5976996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5976996                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265709                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4308749                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3719948                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     86.334757                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          619389                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29850                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             11239390                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45277                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6758609                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20728                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         11284667                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6779337                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17997999                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   66005                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              18064004                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              6705737                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9501                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          6715238                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   6705737                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9501                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               6715238                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 80791392                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23040211                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               35152415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5976996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4339337                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              52982403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       153626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       212721                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       310446                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           6705101                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143582                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3824                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     77141937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.817419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.169381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         65446493     84.84%     84.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1302793      1.69%     86.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           689621      0.89%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1088366      1.41%     88.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1714399      2.22%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           664959      0.86%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           970001      1.26%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1014656      1.32%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4250649      5.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     77141937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.073981                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.435101                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15946857                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      51589697                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6535848                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2770769                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298759                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       60634554                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298759                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16847941                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        31614569                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4838212                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           8104219                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      15438230                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       59707342                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        7333680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     65971916                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     139806661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     89567037                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      56166089                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9805812                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133781                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135741                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          16272133                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6483669                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      6946476                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2147064                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2015780                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           58297998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       524489                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          61426449                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143211                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7098139                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11439176                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48961                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     77141937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.796278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.416977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     50476530     65.43%     65.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     11379874     14.75%     80.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5830074      7.56%     87.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3761165      4.88%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3161663      4.10%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1376862      1.78%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692294      0.90%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289594      0.38%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173881      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     77141937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95315     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601972     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66326      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165448      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      43011984     70.02%     70.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22637      0.04%     70.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.09%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11368025     18.51%     88.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6805976     11.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       61426449                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.760309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763613                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012431                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    200901594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     65927216                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     55521138                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       62024582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1937848                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110972                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2628                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7031                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       396343                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6482877                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298759                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5423931                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      18097156                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     58822487                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6483669                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6946476                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       515368                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         111456                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7031                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314753                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      61035962                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      11233052                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324991                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17995669                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4908994                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6762617                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.755476                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               55583737                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              55521158                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35367800                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          59272236                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.687216                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.596701                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7287705                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       475528                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279150                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     75989973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.677816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.661081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57340143     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      9264676     12.19%     87.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2034194      2.68%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2324779      3.06%     93.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       913427      1.20%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1229760      1.62%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694046      0.91%     97.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278556      0.37%     97.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1910392      2.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     75989973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     29331463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       51507213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11922825                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5372693                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4572129                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          51204259                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       544554                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81913      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     39430053     76.55%     76.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21421      0.04%     76.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.10%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5372693     10.43%     87.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      6550132     12.72%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     51507213                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1910392                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            132816406                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           118746318                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84263                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3649455                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            29331463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              51507213                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.754428                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.754428                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.363052                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.363052                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         92762138                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        43596519                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          21816485                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16765629                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        28023049                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125491                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               9145549000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            9145548999.999996                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3095384                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.156355                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.764950                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       23.891744                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3064054     98.99%     98.99% |       28645      0.93%     99.91% |        1271      0.04%     99.95% |         587      0.02%     99.97% |         222      0.01%     99.98% |         334      0.01%     99.99% |         266      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3095384                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3032307                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.578840                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.463895                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.173287                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3028198     99.86%     99.86% |        3622      0.12%     99.98% |         375      0.01%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3032307                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        816006                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.507660                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       22.857122                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        8.546847                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       16332      2.00%      2.00% |       96971     11.88%     13.89% |      307086     37.63%     51.52% |      178254     21.84%     73.36% |      187312     22.95%     96.32% |       29796      3.65%     99.97% |         250      0.03%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          816006                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5025686                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           16.822481                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.528410                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          49.487143                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4983307     99.16%     99.16% |       37275      0.74%     99.90% |        4055      0.08%     99.98% |         911      0.02%    100.00% |         133      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5025686                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      4434791                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000637                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000549                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025351                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4431980     99.94%     99.94% |        2799      0.06%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        4434791                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       590895                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     120.558321                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean     99.417920                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     92.920001                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      548516     92.83%     92.83% |       37275      6.31%     99.14% |        4055      0.69%     99.82% |         911      0.15%     99.98% |         133      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        590895                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7346802                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           13.872262                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.205453                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          40.235057                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7322190     99.66%     99.66% |       21271      0.29%     99.95% |        3004      0.04%    100.00% |         300      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7346802                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      6646234                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.002659                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.002294                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.051680                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6628628     99.74%     99.74% |       17542      0.26%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        6646234                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       700568                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     116.991340                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    102.876242                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     72.266372                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      675956     96.49%     96.49% |       21271      3.04%     99.52% |        3004      0.43%     99.95% |         300      0.04%     99.99% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        700568                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      6698914                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.484991                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.182524                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.116762                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     6686173     99.81%     99.81% |       10675      0.16%     99.97% |        1828      0.03%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        6698914                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6575734                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000551                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6575732    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6575734                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123180                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.758451                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.485015                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.356310                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110439     89.66%     89.66% |       10675      8.67%     98.32% |        1828      1.48%     99.81% |          42      0.03%     99.84% |          81      0.07%     99.91% |          93      0.08%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123180                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126841                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.531981                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.668790                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.568158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125552     98.98%     98.98% |        1013      0.80%     99.78% |         248      0.20%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126841                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118997                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000783                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118889     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118997                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7844                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.440847                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.396957                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.175794                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6555     83.57%     83.57% |        1013     12.91%     96.48% |         248      3.16%     99.64% |           6      0.08%     99.72% |          11      0.14%     99.86% |          10      0.13%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7844                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8511                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       234046                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       297313                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    35634                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    49070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   342786                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    36086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    49070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   369614                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    35463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    49070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   342965                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    36192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   49076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  358295                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    846                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    343                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   3729                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    886                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    343                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   3665                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    865                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    343                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   3814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    908                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  3724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      876                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       23                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   123541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   131311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      614                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                   124615                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                  127307                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                36480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                49413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               346515                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                36972                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                49413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               373279                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                36328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                49413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               346779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                37100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               49412                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              362019                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1107211                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140525272884150                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140525276394794                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1006599                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  742202                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                35099869                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               359564824                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               359263437                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               362698002                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               359457770                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              359171019                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              362602472                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   23896                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   40965                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  173271                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24212                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   40965                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  186655                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   23788                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   40965                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  173403                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   24296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  40964                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 181023                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  12584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   8448                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                 173244                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  12760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   8448                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                 186624                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  12540                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   8448                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                 173376                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  12804                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  8448                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                180996                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                23591                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                40783                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits               169542                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                23891                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                40782                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits               182990                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                23463                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                40782                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               169589                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                23942                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               40788                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits              177299                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                305                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                182                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               3729                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                321                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               3665                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                325                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               3814                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                354                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               176                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              3724                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               12043                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                8287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits              173244                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               12195                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                8288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits              186624                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               12000                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                8288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits              173376                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               12250                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               8288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits             180996                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               541                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               161                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               565                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               160                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               540                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               160                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               554                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              160                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      286                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      564                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      290                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      590                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      285                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      567                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                      291                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     583                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                4409759                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                5015589                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                8707526                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                4415093                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                4918207                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                8717998                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                4400105                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                4990787                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                8719668                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                4409233                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               4860582                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8710946                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    4576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    4512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    4640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    4720                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    4560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    4536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    4656                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   4664                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               3417848                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               4642421                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               7992931                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               3570115                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4561956                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               7960461                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               3386585                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               4619693                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               7982168                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               3563780                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              4499853                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              7973704                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             249547                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             270336                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             374496                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             251545                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             270336                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             391771                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             249298                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             270336                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             376488                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             253245                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            270336                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            387112                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              4027334                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2773958                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              5878132                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3764730                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2681833                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              5875308                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              4085935                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2755145                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              5913679                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              3809821                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2670310                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             5851775                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          3417848                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          4642421                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          7992931                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          3570115                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4561956                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          7960461                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          3386585                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          4619693                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          7982168                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          3563780                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         4499853                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         7973704                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        234032                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        374451                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        239232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        391652                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        232427                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        376349                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        239341                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       387023                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3307705                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2773958                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         5858983                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3226448                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2681833                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         5843654                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3318882                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2755145                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         5849882                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         3232778                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2670310                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        5825154                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            4383820                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            4981797                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            8662503                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            4387515                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            4884415                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            8670942                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4373465                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            4956995                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8675620                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            4382676                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           4826790                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8664458                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              6320                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              4002                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles               758                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              6536                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles             12520                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles             11873                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles             12486                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles            17306                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368630                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          79540851                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          70794995                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          79540847                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          70795105                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          79540853                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          70795397                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368604                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         79540849                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         70795474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          4368279                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          5016460                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          7606766                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          4380341                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          4918883                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          7596297                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          4371411                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          4991819                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          7615404                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          4374619                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         4861271                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         7592581                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               665                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               335                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1098                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               694                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1083                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               717                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0              1100                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               725                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              329                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0             1092                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             11348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              8272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             52334                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             11596                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              8288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             57895                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             11534                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              8288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             51475                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1             11674                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             8288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            56321                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             13621                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             11416                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             36079                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             15768                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             11843                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             39608                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             12402                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             11382                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             36426                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2             15250                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2            11819                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            39021                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles              25                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             760                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            3143                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles              48                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             304                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles            7611                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             138                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles             775                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles            5470                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles              48                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            543                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           6796                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77607     25.35%     25.35% |       76315     24.93%     50.27% |       76317     24.93%     75.20% |       75923     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306162                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56000     25.42%     25.42% |       54788     24.87%     50.30% |       54800     24.88%     75.18% |       54669     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220257                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77632     25.35%     25.35% |       76315     24.92%     50.28% |       76317     24.93%     75.20% |       75922     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306186                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61910     25.38%     25.38% |       60705     24.89%     50.27% |       60720     24.89%     75.16% |       60592     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13415     25.25%     25.25% |       13335     25.10%     50.34% |       13325     25.08%     75.42% |       13062     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        53137                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77607     25.35%     25.35% |       76315     24.93%     50.27% |       76317     24.93%     75.20% |       75923     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306162                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55743     25.40%     25.40% |       54593     24.88%     50.28% |       54608     24.89%     75.17% |       54480     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219424                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13415     25.25%     25.25% |       13335     25.10%     50.34% |       13325     25.08%     75.42% |       13062     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        53137                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77606     25.35%     25.35% |       76315     24.93%     50.27% |       76317     24.93%     75.20% |       75922     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306160                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55743     25.40%     25.40% |       54593     24.88%     50.28% |       54608     24.89%     75.17% |       54480     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219424                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4053138     80.62%     80.62% |          38      0.00%     80.62% |      238042      4.74%     85.36% |      251738      5.01%     90.37% |      238066      4.74%     95.10% |      246193      4.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5027215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     6698973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      6698973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     6676739     89.32%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |      194180      2.60%     91.92% |      207740      2.78%     94.70% |      194268      2.60%     97.30% |      202152      2.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      7475079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13530      4.13%      4.13% |          38      0.01%      4.14% |       80538     24.56%     28.70% |       77254     23.56%     52.26% |       80229     24.47%     76.72% |       76322     23.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       327911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410408     55.29%     55.29% |           0      0.00%     55.29% |       81952     11.04%     66.33% |       84428     11.37%     77.70% |       81487     10.98%     88.68% |       84006     11.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       742281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62801     23.55%     23.55% |       70042     26.26%     49.81% |       65804     24.67%     74.48% |       68069     25.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       266716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       53253     24.06%     24.07% |       60061     27.13%     51.20% |       51347     23.19%     74.39% |       56688     25.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       221379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9016     23.47%     23.47% |        9638     25.09%     48.55% |       10376     27.01%     75.56% |        9391     24.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        38421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141855     53.95%     53.95% |          11      0.00%     53.96% |       29461     11.20%     65.16% |       31454     11.96%     77.12% |       29259     11.13%     88.25% |       30891     11.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       262931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       55726     25.17%     25.18% |       53532     24.18%     49.37% |       57530     25.99%     75.35% |       54564     24.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       221379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270458     37.52%     37.52% |           0      0.00%     37.52% |      112716     15.64%     53.16% |      114106     15.83%     68.98% |      111383     15.45%     84.44% |      112194     15.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       720857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61642     22.96%     22.96% |       72628     27.06%     50.02% |       63380     23.61%     73.63% |       70784     26.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       268434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       49960     22.99%     22.99% |       58497     26.91%     49.91% |       52293     24.06%     73.97% |       56579     26.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       217348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287653     59.91%     59.91% |           0      0.00%     59.91% |       49459     10.30%     70.21% |       46275      9.64%     79.85% |       49152     10.24%     90.09% |       47578      9.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       480117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141835     35.43%     35.43% |          38      0.01%     35.44% |       63660     15.90%     51.35% |       65990     16.49%     67.83% |       63234     15.80%     83.63% |       65534     16.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       400291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122590    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146868     66.05%     66.05% |           0      0.00%     66.05% |       18804      8.46%     74.50% |       18950      8.52%     83.02% |       18765      8.44%     91.46% |       18984      8.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11199     59.84%     59.84% |           0      0.00%     59.84% |        1878     10.03%     69.87% |        1882     10.06%     79.93% |        1879     10.04%     89.97% |        1878     10.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        18716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         390      0.20%      0.20% |           0      0.00%      0.20% |       47639     24.99%     25.20% |       46163     24.22%     49.42% |       49675     26.06%     75.48% |       46738     24.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       190605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         593    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          41      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       75654     25.00%     25.02% |       76496     25.28%     50.29% |       75747     25.03%     75.33% |       74660     24.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       302598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         541      0.70%      0.70% |           0      0.00%      0.70% |       17006     22.15%     22.86% |       21624     28.17%     51.03% |       17605     22.93%     73.96% |       19991     26.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        76767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6871      4.39%      4.39% |           0      0.00%      4.39% |       36208     23.12%     27.50% |       39056     24.94%     52.44% |       36450     23.27%     75.71% |       38040     24.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       156625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6575734    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6575734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       42106     22.95%     22.96% |       49990     27.25%     50.21% |       43044     23.46%     73.67% |       48312     26.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       183471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1377      0.45%      0.45% |          27      0.01%      0.46% |       77427     25.52%     25.98% |       74173     24.44%     50.42% |       77168     25.43%     75.86% |       73261     24.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       303433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122076     65.89%     65.89% |           0      0.00%     65.89% |       15487      8.36%     74.25% |       16529      8.92%     83.18% |       14730      7.95%     91.13% |       16437      8.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       185259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1377460     90.34%     90.34% |           0      0.00%     90.34% |       36316      2.38%     92.72% |       37614      2.47%     95.19% |       36043      2.36%     97.55% |       37346      2.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1524779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21220     23.10%     23.10% |           0      0.00%     23.10% |       16816     18.31%     41.41% |       18415     20.05%     61.47% |       17261     18.79%     80.26% |       18130     19.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        91842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         619     98.25%     98.25% |          11      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119897     76.90%     76.90% |           0      0.00%     76.90% |        9053      5.81%     82.71% |        8977      5.76%     88.47% |        8972      5.75%     94.22% |        9012      5.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       155911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3324     25.17%     25.17% |        3743     28.35%     53.52% |        2707     20.50%     74.02% |        3430     25.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        13204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2525054     91.71%     91.71% |           0      0.00%     91.71% |       54219      1.97%     93.68% |       62915      2.29%     95.96% |       52664      1.91%     97.87% |       58535      2.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2753387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     6508461     97.51%     97.51% |           0      0.00%     97.51% |       40800      0.61%     98.12% |       43889      0.66%     98.78% |       39451      0.59%     99.37% |       42066      0.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      6674667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         334    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167756     51.74%     51.74% |           0      0.00%     51.74% |       40406     12.46%     64.21% |       37298     11.50%     75.71% |       40180     12.39%     88.10% |       38566     11.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       324206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62801     23.55%     23.55% |       70042     26.26%     49.81% |       65804     24.67%     74.48% |       68069     25.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       266716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       49929     23.98%     24.00% |       56318     27.05%     51.05% |       48640     23.36%     74.42% |       53258     25.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       208175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          71     28.06%     28.06% |          68     26.88%     54.94% |          55     21.74%     76.68% |          59     23.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141855     53.95%     53.95% |          11      0.00%     53.96% |       29461     11.20%     65.16% |       31454     11.96%     77.12% |       29259     11.13%     88.25% |       30891     11.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       262931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       55726     25.17%     25.18% |       53532     24.18%     49.37% |       57530     25.99%     75.35% |       54564     24.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       221379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123549     53.83%     53.83% |           0      0.00%     53.83% |       26041     11.35%     65.18% |       27099     11.81%     76.98% |       26065     11.36%     88.34% |       26758     11.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       229512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9016     23.47%     23.47% |        9638     25.09%     48.55% |       10376     27.01%     75.56% |        9391     24.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        38421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146909     29.91%     29.91% |           0      0.00%     29.91% |       86604     17.63%     47.55% |       86939     17.70%     65.25% |       85263     17.36%     82.61% |       85377     17.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       491092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6265     30.66%     30.66% |        6305     30.85%     61.51% |        4026     19.70%     81.21% |        3841     18.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        20437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1162     25.57%     25.57% |        1131     24.89%     50.46% |        1127     24.80%     75.26% |        1124     24.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         4544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       55377     22.33%     22.33% |       66323     26.74%     49.07% |       59354     23.93%     73.01% |       66943     26.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       247997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       49960     22.99%     22.99% |       58497     26.91%     49.91% |       52293     24.06%     73.97% |       56579     26.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       217348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          71     28.06%     28.06% |          68     26.88%     54.94% |          55     21.74%     76.68% |          59     23.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1528    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         130    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287652     59.91%     59.91% |           0      0.00%     59.91% |       49459     10.30%     70.21% |       46275      9.64%     79.85% |       49152     10.24%     90.09% |       47578      9.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       480116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3827      3.11%      3.11% |        3775      3.06%      6.17% |        3477      2.82%      8.99% |        3489      2.83%     11.83% |        3534      2.87%     14.69% |        4045      3.28%     17.98% |        3713      3.01%     20.99% |        3295      2.67%     23.67% |        3536      2.87%     26.54% |        5132      4.17%     30.70% |        3881      3.15%     33.85% |        3783      3.07%     36.92% |        3545      2.88%     39.80% |        4273      3.47%     43.27% |        3864      3.14%     46.41% |        3773      3.06%     49.47% |        4088      3.32%     52.79% |        4112      3.34%     56.13% |        3607      2.93%     59.05% |        3283      2.67%     61.72% |        3062      2.49%     64.21% |        3650      2.96%     67.17% |        3500      2.84%     70.01% |        3390      2.75%     72.76% |        3607      2.93%     75.69% |        3635      2.95%     78.64% |        3251      2.64%     81.28% |        4534      3.68%     84.96% |        3919      3.18%     88.14% |        5152      4.18%     92.32% |        5004      4.06%     96.39% |        4453      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123189                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       45120      7.47%      7.47% |       18643      3.09%     10.55% |       17745      2.94%     13.49% |       18435      3.05%     16.54% |       18017      2.98%     19.52% |       17632      2.92%     22.44% |       17359      2.87%     25.31% |       17379      2.88%     28.19% |       17618      2.92%     31.10% |       17956      2.97%     34.08% |       19867      3.29%     37.36% |       19468      3.22%     40.59% |       18371      3.04%     43.63% |       17856      2.96%     46.58% |       17239      2.85%     49.43% |       17391      2.88%     52.31% |       18462      3.06%     55.37% |       17779      2.94%     58.31% |       18051      2.99%     61.30% |       18026      2.98%     64.28% |       17991      2.98%     67.26% |       19169      3.17%     70.43% |       17661      2.92%     73.35% |       17413      2.88%     76.23% |       17763      2.94%     79.17% |       18096      2.99%     82.17% |       17609      2.91%     85.08% |       17165      2.84%     87.92% |       17742      2.94%     90.86% |       17227      2.85%     93.71% |       17768      2.94%     96.65% |       20242      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       604260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18823      3.48%      3.48% |       16870      3.12%      6.60% |       16515      3.05%      9.65% |       16808      3.11%     12.76% |       16777      3.10%     15.86% |       16555      3.06%     18.92% |       16382      3.03%     21.95% |       16466      3.04%     25.00% |       16844      3.11%     28.11% |       16569      3.06%     31.17% |       16629      3.07%     34.25% |       17073      3.16%     37.40% |       16856      3.12%     40.52% |       16551      3.06%     43.58% |       16585      3.07%     46.65% |       16550      3.06%     49.71% |       16779      3.10%     52.81% |       16679      3.08%     55.89% |       16775      3.10%     58.99% |       16956      3.13%     62.13% |       16869      3.12%     65.25% |       17753      3.28%     68.53% |       16857      3.12%     71.65% |       16856      3.12%     74.76% |       17161      3.17%     77.94% |       16813      3.11%     81.04% |       16980      3.14%     84.18% |       17329      3.20%     87.39% |       16841      3.11%     90.50% |       16728      3.09%     93.59% |       17361      3.21%     96.80% |       17287      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       540877                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        5830      3.17%      3.17% |        5657      3.07%      6.24% |        5684      3.09%      9.33% |        5655      3.07%     12.40% |        5861      3.18%     15.59% |        5738      3.12%     18.70% |        5687      3.09%     21.79% |        5697      3.10%     24.89% |        5865      3.19%     28.08% |        5682      3.09%     31.16% |        5735      3.12%     34.28% |        5738      3.12%     37.40% |        5815      3.16%     40.56% |        5692      3.09%     43.65% |        5740      3.12%     46.77% |        5732      3.11%     49.88% |        5903      3.21%     53.09% |        5668      3.08%     56.17% |        5746      3.12%     59.29% |        5813      3.16%     62.45% |        5937      3.23%     65.68% |        5725      3.11%     68.79% |        5728      3.11%     71.90% |        5796      3.15%     75.05% |        5905      3.21%     78.26% |        5747      3.12%     81.38% |        5679      3.09%     84.46% |        5726      3.11%     87.57% |        5843      3.17%     90.75% |        5699      3.10%     93.85% |        5682      3.09%     96.93% |        5645      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       184050                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42924      8.94%      8.94% |       15073      3.14%     12.08% |       13750      2.86%     14.94% |       14668      3.06%     18.00% |       13894      2.89%     20.89% |       13519      2.82%     23.71% |       13138      2.74%     26.44% |       13178      2.74%     29.19% |       13384      2.79%     31.98% |       13948      2.91%     34.88% |       15695      3.27%     38.15% |       15991      3.33%     41.48% |       14082      2.93%     44.42% |       13711      2.86%     47.27% |       12875      2.68%     49.95% |       13271      2.76%     52.72% |       14226      2.96%     55.68% |       13736      2.86%     58.54% |       14083      2.93%     61.47% |       14120      2.94%     64.41% |       13761      2.87%     67.28% |       16197      3.37%     70.65% |       13668      2.85%     73.50% |       13356      2.78%     76.28% |       13816      2.88%     79.16% |       14195      2.96%     82.12% |       13737      2.86%     84.98% |       13700      2.85%     87.83% |       13599      2.83%     90.66% |       13402      2.79%     93.46% |       14517      3.02%     96.48% |       16902      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       480116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8040      3.67%      3.67% |        6815      3.11%      6.78% |        6855      3.13%      9.90% |        6805      3.10%     13.01% |        6786      3.10%     16.10% |        6804      3.10%     19.21% |        6787      3.10%     22.30% |        6796      3.10%     25.40% |        6816      3.11%     28.51% |        6828      3.11%     31.63% |        6859      3.13%     34.76% |        6827      3.11%     37.87% |        6805      3.10%     40.98% |        6829      3.12%     44.09% |        6814      3.11%     47.20% |        6801      3.10%     50.30% |        6843      3.12%     53.42% |        6827      3.11%     56.54% |        6831      3.12%     59.65% |        6825      3.11%     62.77% |        6812      3.11%     65.87% |        6857      3.13%     69.00% |        6830      3.12%     72.12% |        6778      3.09%     75.21% |        6801      3.10%     78.31% |        6812      3.11%     81.42% |        6791      3.10%     84.52% |        6781      3.09%     87.61% |        6783      3.09%     90.70% |        6773      3.09%     93.79% |        6788      3.10%     96.89% |        6815      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219214                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1820      3.41%      3.41% |        1702      3.19%      6.60% |        1732      3.25%      9.85% |        1675      3.14%     12.99% |        1678      3.15%     16.13% |        1674      3.14%     19.27% |        1674      3.14%     22.41% |        1659      3.11%     25.52% |        1674      3.14%     28.66% |        1712      3.21%     31.87% |        1693      3.17%     35.04% |        1646      3.09%     38.13% |        1696      3.18%     41.31% |        1689      3.17%     44.47% |        1703      3.19%     47.66% |        1651      3.09%     50.76% |        1666      3.12%     53.88% |        1649      3.09%     56.97% |        1639      3.07%     60.04% |        1624      3.04%     63.09% |        1628      3.05%     66.14% |        1649      3.09%     69.23% |        1635      3.06%     72.30% |        1620      3.04%     75.33% |        1659      3.11%     78.44% |        1684      3.16%     81.60% |        1675      3.14%     84.74% |        1627      3.05%     87.79% |        1651      3.09%     90.88% |        1624      3.04%     93.93% |        1627      3.05%     96.98% |        1612      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53347                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10976      3.59%      3.59% |        9567      3.12%      6.71% |        9635      3.15%      9.86% |        9528      3.11%     12.97% |        9512      3.11%     16.08% |        9526      3.11%     19.19% |        9509      3.11%     22.29% |        9503      3.10%     25.40% |        9538      3.12%     28.51% |        9588      3.13%     31.64% |        9599      3.14%     34.78% |        9520      3.11%     37.89% |        9548      3.12%     41.01% |        9565      3.12%     44.13% |        9564      3.12%     47.26% |        9499      3.10%     50.36% |        9555      3.12%     53.48% |        9524      3.11%     56.59% |        9518      3.11%     59.70% |        9497      3.10%     62.80% |        9488      3.10%     65.90% |        9555      3.12%     69.02% |        9513      3.11%     72.13% |        9445      3.08%     75.21% |        9508      3.11%     78.32% |        9545      3.12%     81.44% |        9515      3.11%     84.54% |        9454      3.09%     87.63% |        9481      3.10%     90.73% |        9445      3.08%     93.81% |        9464      3.09%     96.90% |        9476      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9952      3.64%      3.64% |        8543      3.12%      6.77% |        8611      3.15%      9.91% |        8504      3.11%     13.03% |        8488      3.10%     16.13% |        8502      3.11%     19.24% |        8485      3.10%     22.34% |        8479      3.10%     25.44% |        8514      3.11%     28.56% |        8564      3.13%     31.69% |        8575      3.14%     34.83% |        8496      3.11%     37.94% |        8524      3.12%     41.05% |        8541      3.12%     44.18% |        8540      3.12%     47.30% |        8475      3.10%     50.40% |        8531      3.12%     53.52% |        8500      3.11%     56.63% |        8494      3.11%     59.74% |        8473      3.10%     62.84% |        8464      3.10%     65.93% |        8531      3.12%     69.05% |        8489      3.11%     72.16% |        8421      3.08%     75.24% |        8484      3.10%     78.34% |        8521      3.12%     81.46% |        8491      3.11%     84.56% |        8430      3.08%     87.65% |        8457      3.09%     90.74% |        8421      3.08%     93.82% |        8440      3.09%     96.91% |        8452      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273392                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6724      3.22%      3.22% |        6440      3.09%      6.31% |        6470      3.10%      9.42% |        6464      3.10%     12.52% |        6675      3.20%     15.72% |        6499      3.12%     18.83% |        6451      3.09%     21.93% |        6505      3.12%     25.05% |        6655      3.19%     28.24% |        6511      3.12%     31.36% |        6444      3.09%     34.45% |        6488      3.11%     37.56% |        6654      3.19%     40.76% |        6472      3.10%     43.86% |        6487      3.11%     46.97% |        6455      3.10%     50.07% |        6658      3.19%     53.26% |        6475      3.11%     56.37% |        6470      3.10%     59.47% |        6445      3.09%     62.56% |        6631      3.18%     65.74% |        6491      3.11%     68.85% |        6464      3.10%     71.95% |        6465      3.10%     75.05% |        6622      3.18%     78.23% |        6466      3.10%     81.33% |        6420      3.08%     84.41% |        6417      3.08%     87.49% |        6664      3.20%     90.68% |        6482      3.11%     93.79% |        6503      3.12%     96.91% |        6442      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       208509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         424      3.21%      3.21% |         419      3.17%      6.38% |         411      3.11%      9.50% |         415      3.14%     12.64% |         416      3.15%     15.79% |         413      3.13%     18.92% |         418      3.17%     22.08% |         410      3.10%     25.19% |         429      3.25%     28.44% |         401      3.04%     31.47% |         417      3.16%     34.63% |         419      3.17%     37.80% |         408      3.09%     40.89% |         404      3.06%     43.95% |         412      3.12%     47.07% |         415      3.14%     50.22% |         408      3.09%     53.31% |         417      3.16%     56.46% |         405      3.07%     59.53% |         413      3.13%     62.66% |         422      3.20%     65.85% |         391      2.96%     68.81% |         419      3.17%     71.99% |         405      3.07%     75.05% |         418      3.17%     78.22% |         414      3.14%     81.36% |         407      3.08%     84.44% |         409      3.10%     87.54% |         413      3.13%     90.66% |         417      3.16%     93.82% |         401      3.04%     96.86% |         415      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        13205                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         173      3.07%      3.07% |         174      3.08%      6.15% |         177      3.14%      9.28% |         178      3.15%     12.44% |         177      3.14%     15.57% |         177      3.14%     18.71% |         179      3.17%     21.88% |         180      3.19%     25.07% |         178      3.15%     28.22% |         179      3.17%     31.40% |         183      3.24%     34.64% |         178      3.15%     37.79% |         178      3.15%     40.95% |         179      3.17%     44.12% |         178      3.15%     47.27% |         180      3.19%     50.46% |         179      3.17%     53.63% |         177      3.14%     56.77% |         177      3.14%     59.90% |         175      3.10%     63.00% |         175      3.10%     66.11% |         174      3.08%     69.19% |         174      3.08%     72.27% |         174      3.08%     75.35% |         174      3.08%     78.44% |         174      3.08%     81.52% |         174      3.08%     84.60% |         173      3.07%     87.67% |         174      3.08%     90.75% |         174      3.08%     93.83% |         174      3.08%     96.92% |         174      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         5644                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         504      3.34%      3.34% |         458      3.04%      6.38% |         456      3.02%      9.41% |         449      2.98%     12.38% |         460      3.05%     15.43% |         475      3.15%     18.58% |         464      3.08%     21.66% |         464      3.08%     24.74% |         469      3.11%     27.85% |         480      3.18%     31.03% |         489      3.24%     34.28% |         477      3.16%     37.44% |         496      3.29%     40.73% |         500      3.32%     44.05% |         503      3.34%     47.38% |         490      3.25%     50.63% |         491      3.26%     53.89% |         475      3.15%     57.04% |         470      3.12%     60.16% |         445      2.95%     63.11% |         441      2.92%     66.03% |         474      3.14%     69.18% |         455      3.02%     72.20% |         450      2.98%     75.18% |         476      3.16%     78.34% |         483      3.20%     81.54% |         492      3.26%     84.80% |         458      3.04%     87.84% |         456      3.02%     90.87% |         454      3.01%     93.88% |         465      3.08%     96.96% |         458      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15077                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7086      3.20%      3.20% |        6851      3.09%      6.30% |        6870      3.10%      9.40% |        6870      3.10%     12.50% |        7083      3.20%     15.70% |        6907      3.12%     18.82% |        6864      3.10%     21.92% |        6908      3.12%     25.04% |        7075      3.20%     28.24% |        6903      3.12%     31.36% |        6854      3.10%     34.45% |        6901      3.12%     37.57% |        7053      3.19%     40.76% |        6872      3.10%     43.86% |        6894      3.11%     46.97% |        6865      3.10%     50.08% |        7060      3.19%     53.26% |        6885      3.11%     56.37% |        6868      3.10%     59.48% |        6848      3.09%     62.57% |        7041      3.18%     65.75% |        6868      3.10%     68.85% |        6871      3.10%     71.96% |        6858      3.10%     75.05% |        7029      3.18%     78.23% |        6870      3.10%     81.33% |        6815      3.08%     84.41% |        6814      3.08%     87.49% |        7063      3.19%     90.68% |        6890      3.11%     93.79% |        6891      3.11%     96.90% |        6852      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       221379                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       58662      6.04%      6.04% |       30356      3.13%      9.16% |       29014      2.99%     12.15% |       29951      3.08%     15.23% |       29499      3.04%     18.27% |       28809      2.97%     21.24% |       28423      2.93%     24.16% |       28456      2.93%     27.09% |       29043      2.99%     30.08% |       29179      3.00%     33.09% |       30968      3.19%     36.27% |       31232      3.22%     39.49% |       29717      3.06%     42.55% |       28944      2.98%     45.53% |       28125      2.90%     48.42% |       28526      2.94%     51.36% |       29814      3.07%     54.43% |       29006      2.99%     57.42% |       29275      3.01%     60.43% |       29389      3.03%     63.46% |       29381      3.02%     66.48% |       31472      3.24%     69.72% |       28950      2.98%     72.70% |       28576      2.94%     75.64% |       29441      3.03%     78.67% |       29427      3.03%     81.70% |       28969      2.98%     84.68% |       28903      2.98%     87.66% |       29231      3.01%     90.67% |       28661      2.95%     93.62% |       29782      3.07%     96.69% |       32190      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       971371                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         411      3.26%      3.26% |         375      2.97%      6.23% |         381      3.02%      9.25% |         374      2.97%     12.22% |         382      3.03%     15.25% |         385      3.05%     18.30% |         381      3.02%     21.32% |         386      3.06%     24.38% |         390      3.09%     27.47% |         406      3.22%     30.69% |         408      3.23%     33.93% |         398      3.16%     37.08% |         419      3.32%     40.40% |         421      3.34%     43.74% |         421      3.34%     47.08% |         413      3.27%     50.35% |         418      3.31%     53.67% |         404      3.20%     56.87% |         394      3.12%     59.99% |         371      2.94%     62.94% |         362      2.87%     65.81% |         392      3.11%     68.91% |         378      3.00%     71.91% |         376      2.98%     74.89% |         402      3.19%     78.08% |         411      3.26%     81.34% |         419      3.32%     84.66% |         389      3.08%     87.74% |         392      3.11%     90.85% |         383      3.04%     93.89% |         396      3.14%     97.03% |         375      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5289      4.14%      4.14% |        4023      3.15%      7.28% |        4080      3.19%     10.47% |        3978      3.11%     13.59% |        3972      3.11%     16.69% |        3970      3.11%     19.80% |        3970      3.11%     22.90% |        3962      3.10%     26.00% |        3970      3.11%     29.11% |        4000      3.13%     32.23% |        4023      3.15%     35.38% |        3931      3.07%     38.46% |        3947      3.09%     41.54% |        3962      3.10%     44.64% |        3967      3.10%     47.74% |        3922      3.07%     50.81% |        3960      3.10%     53.91% |        3939      3.08%     56.99% |        3941      3.08%     60.07% |        3944      3.08%     63.16% |        3946      3.09%     66.24% |        3965      3.10%     69.34% |        3966      3.10%     72.45% |        3902      3.05%     75.50% |        3930      3.07%     78.57% |        3955      3.09%     81.67% |        3915      3.06%     84.73% |        3893      3.04%     87.77% |        3918      3.06%     90.84% |        3890      3.04%     93.88% |        3885      3.04%     96.92% |        3940      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127855                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5276      3.18%      3.18% |        5169      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.43% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5158      3.11%     15.66% |        5171      3.12%     18.78% |        5158      3.11%     21.90% |        5155      3.11%     25.01% |        5178      3.13%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5191      3.13%     37.51% |        5182      3.13%     40.64% |        5182      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5164      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.13%     53.13% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5183      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.52% |        5180      3.13%     65.64% |        5198      3.14%     68.78% |        5169      3.12%     71.90% |        5167      3.12%     75.02% |        5176      3.12%     78.14% |        5179      3.13%     81.27% |        5181      3.13%     84.39% |        5173      3.12%     87.51% |        5171      3.12%     90.64% |        5172      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5161      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3091      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.95% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3669      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.04% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2698      2.44%     64.01% |        3257      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.79% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3201      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.33% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4145      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110483                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        3262      3.12%      3.12% |        3250      3.11%      6.23% |        3320      3.18%      9.40% |        3309      3.16%     12.57% |        3293      3.15%     15.72% |        3359      3.21%     18.93% |        3373      3.23%     22.15% |        3311      3.17%     25.32% |        3284      3.14%     28.46% |        3237      3.10%     31.56% |        3362      3.22%     34.77% |        3235      3.09%     37.87% |        3302      3.16%     41.02% |        3208      3.07%     44.09% |        3321      3.18%     47.27% |        3240      3.10%     50.37% |        3297      3.15%     53.52% |        3195      3.06%     56.57% |        3297      3.15%     59.73% |        3247      3.11%     62.83% |        3262      3.12%     65.95% |        3240      3.10%     69.05% |        3193      3.05%     72.10% |        3187      3.05%     75.15% |        3298      3.15%     78.31% |        3273      3.13%     81.44% |        3249      3.11%     84.54% |        3185      3.05%     87.59% |        3306      3.16%     90.75% |        3238      3.10%     93.85% |        3246      3.10%     96.95% |        3187      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       104566                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |        1367      3.29%      3.29% |        1283      3.08%      6.37% |        1293      3.11%      9.48% |        1344      3.23%     12.71% |        1328      3.19%     15.90% |        1297      3.12%     19.02% |        1268      3.05%     22.07% |        1314      3.16%     25.23% |        1335      3.21%     28.43% |        1338      3.22%     31.65% |        1239      2.98%     34.63% |        1256      3.02%     37.65% |        1343      3.23%     40.88% |        1319      3.17%     44.05% |        1309      3.15%     47.19% |        1254      3.01%     50.21% |        1303      3.13%     53.34% |        1340      3.22%     56.56% |        1294      3.11%     59.67% |        1242      2.99%     62.66% |        1255      3.02%     65.67% |        1313      3.16%     68.83% |        1311      3.15%     71.98% |        1300      3.12%     75.11% |        1251      3.01%     78.11% |        1276      3.07%     81.18% |        1295      3.11%     84.29% |        1287      3.09%     87.39% |        1319      3.17%     90.56% |        1279      3.07%     93.63% |        1319      3.17%     96.80% |        1330      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        41601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        5689      3.18%      3.18% |        5540      3.10%      6.28% |        5553      3.10%      9.38% |        5503      3.08%     12.45% |        5731      3.20%     15.66% |        5583      3.12%     18.78% |        5562      3.11%     21.89% |        5562      3.11%     25.00% |        5708      3.19%     28.19% |        5545      3.10%     31.28% |        5578      3.12%     34.40% |        5610      3.14%     37.54% |        5693      3.18%     40.72% |        5531      3.09%     43.81% |        5554      3.10%     46.91% |        5577      3.12%     50.03% |        5736      3.21%     53.24% |        5519      3.08%     56.32% |        5560      3.11%     59.43% |        5580      3.12%     62.55% |        5755      3.22%     65.76% |        5540      3.10%     68.86% |        5528      3.09%     71.95% |        5533      3.09%     75.04% |        5751      3.21%     78.26% |        5569      3.11%     81.37% |        5501      3.07%     84.44% |        5502      3.07%     87.52% |        5722      3.20%     90.72% |        5575      3.12%     93.83% |        5545      3.10%     96.93% |        5492      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       178927                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         468      3.25%      3.25% |         434      3.02%      6.27% |         426      2.96%      9.23% |         431      3.00%     12.23% |         441      3.07%     15.30% |         443      3.08%     18.38% |         439      3.05%     21.43% |         444      3.09%     24.52% |         447      3.11%     27.62% |         459      3.19%     30.82% |         451      3.14%     33.95% |         456      3.17%     37.12% |         475      3.30%     40.43% |         477      3.32%     43.74% |         478      3.32%     47.07% |         469      3.26%     50.33% |         471      3.27%     53.60% |         457      3.18%     56.78% |         452      3.14%     59.92% |         424      2.95%     62.87% |         417      2.90%     65.77% |         443      3.08%     68.85% |         436      3.03%     71.88% |         434      3.02%     74.90% |         462      3.21%     78.11% |         468      3.25%     81.37% |         477      3.32%     84.68% |         442      3.07%     87.76% |         442      3.07%     90.83% |         438      3.05%     93.87% |         450      3.13%     97.00% |         431      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14382                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29126     21.40%     21.40% |        4177      3.07%     24.47% |        3108      2.28%     26.76% |        3942      2.90%     29.65% |        3279      2.41%     32.06% |        3007      2.21%     34.27% |        2787      2.05%     36.32% |        2799      2.06%     38.38% |        2847      2.09%     40.47% |        3399      2.50%     42.97% |        5151      3.79%     46.75% |        4986      3.66%     50.42% |        3642      2.68%     53.09% |        3343      2.46%     55.55% |        2533      1.86%     57.41% |        2895      2.13%     59.54% |        3712      2.73%     62.27% |        3286      2.41%     64.68% |        3449      2.53%     67.22% |        3421      2.51%     69.73% |        3263      2.40%     72.13% |        4623      3.40%     75.52% |        3087      2.27%     77.79% |        2875      2.11%     79.91% |        3042      2.24%     82.14% |        3531      2.59%     84.74% |        3090      2.27%     87.01% |        2704      1.99%     88.99% |        3036      2.23%     91.22% |        2783      2.05%     93.27% |        3329      2.45%     95.72% |        5830      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       136082                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3461      6.24%      6.24% |        1858      3.35%      9.58% |        1544      2.78%     12.37% |        1724      3.11%     15.47% |        1639      2.95%     18.42% |        1534      2.76%     21.19% |        1377      2.48%     23.67% |        1416      2.55%     26.22% |        1549      2.79%     29.01% |        1523      2.74%     31.76% |        1512      2.72%     34.48% |        2036      3.67%     38.15% |        1463      2.64%     40.78% |        1377      2.48%     43.27% |        1352      2.44%     45.70% |        1442      2.60%     48.30% |        1526      2.75%     51.05% |        1480      2.67%     53.72% |        1651      2.97%     56.69% |        1727      3.11%     59.80% |        1537      2.77%     62.57% |        2584      4.66%     67.23% |        1604      2.89%     70.12% |        1565      2.82%     72.94% |        1817      3.27%     76.21% |        1680      3.03%     79.24% |        1703      3.07%     82.31% |        2083      3.75%     86.06% |        1622      2.92%     88.98% |        1707      3.08%     92.06% |        2275      4.10%     96.16% |        2134      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8033      3.67%      3.67% |        6805      3.11%      6.77% |        6836      3.12%      9.90% |        6801      3.10%     13.00% |        6784      3.10%     16.10% |        6796      3.10%     19.20% |        6784      3.10%     22.30% |        6793      3.10%     25.40% |        6811      3.11%     28.51% |        6820      3.11%     31.62% |        6838      3.12%     34.74% |        6821      3.11%     37.86% |        6800      3.10%     40.96% |        6826      3.12%     44.08% |        6808      3.11%     47.19% |        6798      3.10%     50.29% |        6839      3.12%     53.41% |        6825      3.12%     56.53% |        6827      3.12%     59.65% |        6821      3.11%     62.76% |        6806      3.11%     65.87% |        6849      3.13%     68.99% |        6826      3.12%     72.11% |        6776      3.09%     75.20% |        6797      3.10%     78.31% |        6809      3.11%     81.42% |        6787      3.10%     84.51% |        6778      3.09%     87.61% |        6777      3.09%     90.70% |        6769      3.09%     93.79% |        6785      3.10%     96.89% |        6810      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219035                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1317      3.45%      3.45% |        1246      3.26%      6.71% |        1284      3.36%     10.08% |        1221      3.20%     13.28% |        1212      3.18%     16.45% |        1202      3.15%     19.60% |        1208      3.16%     22.77% |        1191      3.12%     25.89% |        1201      3.15%     29.03% |        1231      3.23%     32.26% |        1218      3.19%     35.45% |        1169      3.06%     38.51% |        1196      3.13%     41.65% |        1188      3.11%     44.76% |        1201      3.15%     47.90% |        1159      3.04%     50.94% |        1173      3.07%     54.01% |        1169      3.06%     57.08% |        1166      3.05%     60.13% |        1173      3.07%     63.20% |        1181      3.09%     66.30% |        1169      3.06%     69.36% |        1172      3.07%     72.43% |        1160      3.04%     75.47% |        1176      3.08%     78.55% |        1194      3.13%     81.68% |        1175      3.08%     84.76% |        1160      3.04%     87.80% |        1187      3.11%     90.91% |        1165      3.05%     93.96% |        1152      3.02%     96.98% |        1154      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38170                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7086      3.20%      3.20% |        6851      3.09%      6.30% |        6870      3.10%      9.40% |        6870      3.10%     12.50% |        7083      3.20%     15.70% |        6907      3.12%     18.82% |        6864      3.10%     21.92% |        6908      3.12%     25.04% |        7075      3.20%     28.24% |        6903      3.12%     31.36% |        6854      3.10%     34.45% |        6901      3.12%     37.57% |        7053      3.19%     40.76% |        6872      3.10%     43.86% |        6894      3.11%     46.97% |        6865      3.10%     50.08% |        7060      3.19%     53.26% |        6885      3.11%     56.37% |        6868      3.10%     59.48% |        6848      3.09%     62.57% |        7041      3.18%     65.75% |        6868      3.10%     68.85% |        6871      3.10%     71.96% |        6858      3.10%     75.05% |        7029      3.18%     78.23% |        6870      3.10%     81.33% |        6815      3.08%     84.41% |        6814      3.08%     87.49% |        7063      3.19%     90.68% |        6890      3.11%     93.79% |        6891      3.11%     96.90% |        6852      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       221379                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8480      3.18%      3.18% |        8333      3.12%      6.30% |        8293      3.11%      9.41% |        8318      3.12%     12.53% |        8427      3.16%     15.69% |        8277      3.10%     18.79% |        8328      3.12%     21.92% |        8278      3.10%     25.02% |        8484      3.18%     28.20% |        8231      3.09%     31.29% |        8322      3.12%     34.41% |        8247      3.09%     37.50% |        8488      3.18%     40.68% |        8269      3.10%     43.78% |        8261      3.10%     46.88% |        8300      3.11%     49.99% |        8438      3.16%     53.16% |        8294      3.11%     56.27% |        8232      3.09%     59.35% |        8323      3.12%     62.47% |        8472      3.18%     65.65% |        8292      3.11%     68.76% |        8311      3.12%     71.87% |        8267      3.10%     74.97% |        8504      3.19%     78.16% |        8270      3.10%     81.26% |        8322      3.12%     84.38% |        8294      3.11%     87.49% |        8476      3.18%     90.67% |        8277      3.10%     93.77% |        8277      3.10%     96.88% |        8331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       266716                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42924      8.94%      8.94% |       15073      3.14%     12.08% |       13750      2.86%     14.94% |       14668      3.06%     18.00% |       13894      2.89%     20.89% |       13519      2.82%     23.71% |       13138      2.74%     26.44% |       13178      2.74%     29.19% |       13384      2.79%     31.98% |       13948      2.91%     34.88% |       15695      3.27%     38.15% |       15991      3.33%     41.48% |       14082      2.93%     44.42% |       13711      2.86%     47.27% |       12875      2.68%     49.95% |       13271      2.76%     52.72% |       14226      2.96%     55.68% |       13736      2.86%     58.54% |       14083      2.93%     61.47% |       14120      2.94%     64.41% |       13761      2.87%     67.28% |       16197      3.37%     70.65% |       13668      2.85%     73.50% |       13356      2.78%     76.28% |       13816      2.88%     79.16% |       14195      2.96%     82.12% |       13737      2.86%     84.98% |       13700      2.85%     87.83% |       13599      2.83%     90.66% |       13402      2.79%     93.46% |       14517      3.02%     96.48% |       16902      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       480116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           6      5.26%      5.26% |           8      7.02%     12.28% |           8      7.02%     19.30% |           3      2.63%     21.93% |           2      1.75%     23.68% |           5      4.39%     28.07% |           0      0.00%     28.07% |           0      0.00%     28.07% |           4      3.51%     31.58% |           5      4.39%     35.96% |           3      2.63%     38.60% |           5      4.39%     42.98% |           3      2.63%     45.61% |           1      0.88%     46.49% |           3      2.63%     49.12% |           1      0.88%     50.00% |           2      1.75%     51.75% |           1      0.88%     52.63% |           3      2.63%     55.26% |           3      2.63%     57.89% |           5      4.39%     62.28% |           7      6.14%     68.42% |           4      3.51%     71.93% |           2      1.75%     73.68% |           4      3.51%     77.19% |           3      2.63%     79.82% |           4      3.51%     83.33% |           3      2.63%     85.96% |           5      4.39%     90.35% |           3      2.63%     92.98% |           3      2.63%     95.61% |           5      4.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          35      4.40%      4.40% |          22      2.77%      7.17% |          22      2.77%      9.94% |          23      2.89%     12.83% |          25      3.14%     15.97% |          29      3.65%     19.62% |          27      3.40%     23.02% |          24      3.02%     26.04% |          26      3.27%     29.31% |          22      2.77%     32.08% |          24      3.02%     35.09% |          21      2.64%     37.74% |          25      3.14%     40.88% |          24      3.02%     43.90% |          24      3.02%     46.92% |          23      2.89%     49.81% |          22      2.77%     52.58% |          23      2.89%     55.47% |          21      2.64%     58.11% |          27      3.40%     61.51% |          30      3.77%     65.28% |          37      4.65%     69.94% |          27      3.40%     73.33% |          26      3.27%     76.60% |          21      2.64%     79.25% |          22      2.77%     82.01% |          23      2.89%     84.91% |          25      3.14%     88.05% |          22      2.77%     90.82% |          21      2.64%     93.46% |          25      3.14%     96.60% |          27      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          795                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           2     28.57%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9952      3.64%      3.64% |        8543      3.12%      6.77% |        8611      3.15%      9.91% |        8504      3.11%     13.03% |        8488      3.10%     16.13% |        8502      3.11%     19.24% |        8485      3.10%     22.34% |        8479      3.10%     25.44% |        8514      3.11%     28.56% |        8564      3.13%     31.69% |        8575      3.14%     34.83% |        8496      3.11%     37.94% |        8524      3.12%     41.05% |        8541      3.12%     44.18% |        8540      3.12%     47.30% |        8475      3.10%     50.40% |        8531      3.12%     53.52% |        8500      3.11%     56.63% |        8494      3.11%     59.74% |        8473      3.10%     62.84% |        8464      3.10%     65.93% |        8531      3.12%     69.05% |        8489      3.11%     72.16% |        8421      3.08%     75.24% |        8484      3.10%     78.34% |        8521      3.12%     81.46% |        8491      3.11%     84.56% |        8430      3.08%     87.65% |        8457      3.09%     90.74% |        8421      3.08%     93.82% |        8440      3.09%     96.91% |        8452      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273392                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     46.77%     46.77% |           6      4.84%     51.61% |           5      4.03%     55.65% |           3      2.42%     58.06% |           1      0.81%     58.87% |           0      0.00%     58.87% |           0      0.00%     58.87% |           0      0.00%     58.87% |           1      0.81%     59.68% |           3      2.42%     62.10% |           2      1.61%     63.71% |           3      2.42%     66.13% |           2      1.61%     67.74% |           0      0.00%     67.74% |           1      0.81%     68.55% |           0      0.00%     68.55% |           1      0.81%     69.35% |           1      0.81%     70.16% |           2      1.61%     71.77% |           1      0.81%     72.58% |           3      2.42%     75.00% |           3      2.42%     77.42% |           3      2.42%     79.84% |           1      0.81%     80.65% |           3      2.42%     83.06% |           2      1.61%     84.68% |           3      2.42%     87.10% |           3      2.42%     89.52% |           5      4.03%     93.55% |           3      2.42%     95.97% |           3      2.42%     98.39% |           2      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      8.70%      8.70% |           2      4.35%     13.04% |           3      6.52%     19.57% |           0      0.00%     19.57% |           1      2.17%     21.74% |           5     10.87%     32.61% |           0      0.00%     32.61% |           0      0.00%     32.61% |           3      6.52%     39.13% |           2      4.35%     43.48% |           1      2.17%     45.65% |           2      4.35%     50.00% |           1      2.17%     52.17% |           1      2.17%     54.35% |           2      4.35%     58.70% |           1      2.17%     60.87% |           1      2.17%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           1      2.17%     65.22% |           2      4.35%     69.57% |           2      4.35%     73.91% |           4      8.70%     82.61% |           1      2.17%     84.78% |           1      2.17%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           0      0.00%     93.48% |           0      0.00%     93.48% |           0      0.00%     93.48% |           0      0.00%     93.48% |           3      6.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      1.90%      1.90% |           2      0.95%      2.86% |           6      2.86%      5.71% |           6      2.86%      8.57% |           7      3.33%     11.90% |           5      2.38%     14.29% |           5      2.38%     16.67% |           7      3.33%     20.00% |           8      3.81%     23.81% |           6      2.86%     26.67% |           5      2.38%     29.05% |           3      1.43%     30.48% |           7      3.33%     33.81% |           4      1.90%     35.71% |           4      1.90%     37.62% |           5      2.38%     40.00% |           5      2.38%     42.38% |           6      2.86%     45.24% |           5      2.38%     47.62% |           9      4.29%     51.90% |           9      4.29%     56.19% |          11      5.24%     61.43% |           9      4.29%     65.71% |          11      5.24%     70.95% |           8      3.81%     74.76% |           8      3.81%     78.57% |           9      4.29%     82.86% |           9      4.29%     87.14% |           9      4.29%     91.43% |           6      2.86%     94.29% |          10      4.76%     99.05% |           2      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          31      5.31%      5.31% |          20      3.42%      8.73% |          16      2.74%     11.47% |          17      2.91%     14.38% |          18      3.08%     17.47% |          24      4.11%     21.58% |          22      3.77%     25.34% |          17      2.91%     28.25% |          18      3.08%     31.34% |          16      2.74%     34.08% |          19      3.25%     37.33% |          18      3.08%     40.41% |          18      3.08%     43.49% |          20      3.42%     46.92% |          20      3.42%     50.34% |          18      3.08%     53.42% |          17      2.91%     56.34% |          17      2.91%     59.25% |          16      2.74%     61.99% |          18      3.08%     65.07% |          21      3.60%     68.66% |          26      4.45%     73.12% |          18      3.08%     76.20% |          15      2.57%     78.77% |          13      2.23%     80.99% |          14      2.40%     83.39% |          14      2.40%     85.79% |          16      2.74%     88.53% |          13      2.23%     90.75% |          15      2.57%     93.32% |          15      2.57%     95.89% |          24      4.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          584                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         173      3.12%      3.12% |         174      3.14%      6.26% |         149      2.69%      8.95% |         177      3.19%     12.15% |         177      3.19%     15.34% |         177      3.19%     18.54% |         177      3.19%     21.73% |         177      3.19%     24.93% |         177      3.19%     28.12% |         177      3.19%     31.32% |         132      2.38%     33.70% |         177      3.19%     36.90% |         176      3.18%     40.07% |         177      3.19%     43.27% |         176      3.18%     46.44% |         178      3.21%     49.66% |         177      3.19%     52.85% |         176      3.18%     56.03% |         176      3.18%     59.21% |         174      3.14%     62.35% |         174      3.14%     65.49% |         174      3.14%     68.63% |         174      3.14%     71.77% |         174      3.14%     74.91% |         174      3.14%     78.05% |         174      3.14%     81.19% |         174      3.14%     84.33% |         173      3.12%     87.45% |         174      3.14%     90.60% |         173      3.12%     93.72% |         174      3.14%     96.86% |         174      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         5540                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         468      3.25%      3.25% |         434      3.02%      6.27% |         426      2.96%      9.23% |         431      3.00%     12.23% |         441      3.07%     15.30% |         443      3.08%     18.38% |         439      3.05%     21.43% |         444      3.09%     24.52% |         447      3.11%     27.62% |         459      3.19%     30.82% |         451      3.14%     33.95% |         456      3.17%     37.12% |         475      3.30%     40.43% |         477      3.32%     43.74% |         478      3.32%     47.07% |         469      3.26%     50.33% |         471      3.27%     53.60% |         457      3.18%     56.78% |         452      3.14%     59.92% |         424      2.95%     62.87% |         417      2.90%     65.77% |         443      3.08%     68.85% |         436      3.03%     71.88% |         434      3.02%     74.90% |         462      3.21%     78.11% |         468      3.25%     81.37% |         477      3.32%     84.68% |         442      3.07%     87.76% |         442      3.07%     90.83% |         438      3.05%     93.87% |         450      3.13%     97.00% |         431      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14382                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28     26.92%     26.92% |           1      0.96%     27.88% |           0      0.00%     27.88% |           0      0.00%     27.88% |           2      1.92%     29.81% |           3      2.88%     32.69% |           1      0.96%     33.65% |           2      1.92%     35.58% |          51     49.04%     84.62% |           1      0.96%     85.58% |           2      1.92%     87.50% |           2      1.92%     89.42% |           2      1.92%     91.35% |           2      1.92%     93.27% |           2      1.92%     95.19% |           1      0.96%     96.15% |           1      0.96%     97.12% |           1      0.96%     98.08% |           1      0.96%     99.04% |           0      0.00%     99.04% |           0      0.00%     99.04% |           0      0.00%     99.04% |           0      0.00%     99.04% |           0      0.00%     99.04% |           0      0.00%     99.04% |           0      0.00%     99.04% |           0      0.00%     99.04% |           1      0.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          26      2.58%      2.58% |          27      2.68%      5.27% |          31      3.08%      8.35% |          34      3.38%     11.73% |          35      3.48%     15.21% |          30      2.98%     18.19% |          27      2.68%     20.87% |          30      2.98%     23.86% |          28      2.78%     26.64% |          39      3.88%     30.52% |          25      2.49%     33.00% |          25      2.49%     35.49% |          41      4.08%     39.56% |          39      3.88%     43.44% |          27      2.68%     46.12% |          28      2.78%     48.91% |          39      3.88%     52.78% |          33      3.28%     56.06% |          35      3.48%     59.54% |          30      2.98%     62.52% |          27      2.68%     65.21% |          43      4.27%     69.48% |          26      2.58%     72.07% |          33      3.28%     75.35% |          30      2.98%     78.33% |          33      3.28%     81.61% |          38      3.78%     85.39% |          33      3.28%     88.67% |          33      3.28%     91.95% |          22      2.19%     94.14% |          31      3.08%     97.22% |          28      2.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         1006                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5263      4.15%      4.15% |        3996      3.15%      7.30% |        4049      3.19%     10.49% |        3944      3.11%     13.60% |        3937      3.10%     16.70% |        3940      3.11%     19.81% |        3943      3.11%     22.92% |        3932      3.10%     26.02% |        3942      3.11%     29.13% |        3961      3.12%     32.25% |        3998      3.15%     35.40% |        3906      3.08%     38.48% |        3906      3.08%     41.56% |        3923      3.09%     44.65% |        3940      3.11%     47.76% |        3894      3.07%     50.83% |        3921      3.09%     53.92% |        3906      3.08%     57.00% |        3906      3.08%     60.08% |        3914      3.09%     63.16% |        3919      3.09%     66.25% |        3922      3.09%     69.34% |        3940      3.11%     72.45% |        3869      3.05%     75.50% |        3900      3.07%     78.57% |        3922      3.09%     81.67% |        3877      3.06%     84.72% |        3860      3.04%     87.77% |        3885      3.06%     90.83% |        3868      3.05%     93.88% |        3854      3.04%     96.92% |        3912      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       126849                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         437      3.21%      3.21% |         402      2.95%      6.16% |         412      3.03%      9.19% |         408      3.00%     12.18% |         417      3.06%     15.25% |         415      3.05%     18.29% |         408      3.00%     21.29% |         416      3.06%     24.34% |         418      3.07%     27.41% |         445      3.27%     30.68% |         433      3.18%     33.86% |         423      3.11%     36.97% |         460      3.38%     40.35% |         460      3.38%     43.72% |         448      3.29%     47.01% |         441      3.24%     50.25% |         456      3.35%     53.60% |         437      3.21%     56.81% |         429      3.15%     59.96% |         401      2.94%     62.91% |         389      2.86%     65.76% |         435      3.19%     68.96% |         404      2.97%     71.92% |         409      3.00%     74.93% |         432      3.17%     78.10% |         444      3.26%     81.36% |         457      3.36%     84.72% |         421      3.09%     87.81% |         425      3.12%     90.93% |         405      2.97%     93.90% |         427      3.14%     97.04% |         403      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13617                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           3     37.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5276      3.18%      3.18% |        5169      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.43% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5158      3.11%     15.66% |        5171      3.12%     18.78% |        5158      3.11%     21.90% |        5155      3.11%     25.01% |        5178      3.13%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5191      3.13%     37.51% |        5182      3.13%     40.64% |        5182      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5164      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.13%     53.13% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5183      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.52% |        5180      3.13%     65.64% |        5198      3.14%     68.78% |        5169      3.12%     71.90% |        5167      3.12%     75.02% |        5176      3.12%     78.14% |        5179      3.13%     81.27% |        5181      3.13%     84.39% |        5173      3.12%     87.51% |        5171      3.12%     90.64% |        5172      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5161      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          59      2.68%      2.68% |          47      2.13%      4.81% |          65      2.95%      7.76% |          59      2.68%     10.44% |          74      3.36%     13.80% |          52      2.36%     16.16% |          47      2.13%     18.29% |          73      3.31%     21.61% |          80      3.63%     25.24% |          65      2.95%     28.19% |          65      2.95%     31.14% |          78      3.54%     34.68% |          69      3.13%     37.81% |          69      3.13%     40.94% |          66      3.00%     43.94% |          70      3.18%     47.12% |          64      2.91%     50.02% |          82      3.72%     53.74% |          73      3.31%     57.06% |          79      3.59%     60.64% |          79      3.59%     64.23% |          60      2.72%     66.95% |          86      3.90%     70.86% |          78      3.54%     74.40% |          57      2.59%     76.99% |          74      3.36%     80.34% |          81      3.68%     84.02% |          71      3.22%     87.24% |          68      3.09%     90.33% |          74      3.36%     93.69% |          64      2.91%     96.60% |          75      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |          62      1.69%      1.69% |          62      1.69%      3.38% |          60      1.64%      5.02% |          65      1.77%      6.79% |          64      1.75%      8.54% |          79      2.15%     10.69% |          66      1.80%     12.49% |          94      2.56%     15.05% |          94      2.56%     17.62% |          88      2.40%     20.02% |         126      3.44%     23.45% |         115      3.14%     26.59% |         144      3.93%     30.52% |         125      3.41%     33.92% |         180      4.91%     38.83% |         123      3.35%     42.19% |         102      2.78%     44.97% |         132      3.60%     48.57% |         138      3.76%     52.33% |         154      4.20%     56.53% |         143      3.90%     60.43% |         123      3.35%     63.79% |         168      4.58%     68.37% |         180      4.91%     73.28% |         142      3.87%     77.15% |         132      3.60%     80.75% |         184      5.02%     85.76% |         173      4.72%     90.48% |          68      1.85%     92.34% |          82      2.24%     94.57% |          86      2.35%     96.92% |         113      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3667                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         120      2.65%      2.65% |         100      2.21%      4.86% |         112      2.47%      7.33% |         134      2.96%     10.29% |         114      2.52%     12.81% |         134      2.96%     15.77% |         105      2.32%     18.09% |         122      2.69%     20.78% |         130      2.87%     23.65% |         118      2.61%     26.26% |         141      3.11%     29.37% |         110      2.43%     31.80% |         105      2.32%     34.12% |         143      3.16%     37.28% |         169      3.73%     41.01% |         148      3.27%     44.28% |         149      3.29%     47.57% |         132      2.92%     50.49% |         162      3.58%     54.06% |         210      4.64%     58.70% |         161      3.56%     62.26% |         165      3.64%     65.90% |         174      3.84%     69.74% |         243      5.37%     75.11% |         138      3.05%     78.16% |         158      3.49%     81.65% |         161      3.56%     85.20% |         205      4.53%     89.73% |         106      2.34%     92.07% |         103      2.27%     94.35% |         121      2.67%     97.02% |         135      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         4528                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7056      3.20%      3.20% |        6823      3.09%      6.29% |        6846      3.10%      9.40% |        6847      3.10%     12.50% |        7059      3.20%     15.70% |        6880      3.12%     18.82% |        6830      3.10%     21.92% |        6876      3.12%     25.04% |        7043      3.19%     28.23% |        6883      3.12%     31.35% |        6817      3.09%     34.44% |        6866      3.11%     37.56% |        7036      3.19%     40.75% |        6850      3.11%     43.85% |        6863      3.11%     46.97% |        6831      3.10%     50.06% |        7039      3.19%     53.26% |        6859      3.11%     56.37% |        6854      3.11%     59.47% |        6822      3.09%     62.57% |        7010      3.18%     65.75% |        6853      3.11%     68.85% |        6839      3.10%     71.96% |        6833      3.10%     75.05% |        7002      3.18%     78.23% |        6845      3.10%     81.33% |        6796      3.08%     84.41% |        6789      3.08%     87.49% |        7041      3.19%     90.69% |        6854      3.11%     93.79% |        6864      3.11%     96.91% |        6822      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       220528                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         154      2.59%      2.59% |         132      2.22%      4.80% |         153      2.57%      7.37% |         133      2.23%      9.60% |         179      3.00%     12.61% |         155      2.60%     15.21% |         146      2.45%     17.66% |         162      2.72%     20.38% |         191      3.21%     23.59% |         188      3.16%     26.74% |         189      3.17%     29.91% |         162      2.72%     32.63% |         177      2.97%     35.61% |         189      3.17%     38.78% |         223      3.74%     42.52% |         179      3.00%     45.53% |         168      2.82%     48.35% |         197      3.31%     51.65% |         236      3.96%     55.62% |         221      3.71%     59.33% |         189      3.17%     62.50% |         200      3.36%     65.86% |         250      4.20%     70.05% |         249      4.18%     74.23% |         187      3.14%     77.37% |         178      2.99%     80.36% |         216      3.63%     83.99% |         258      4.33%     88.32% |         170      2.85%     91.17% |         178      2.99%     94.16% |         172      2.89%     97.05% |         176      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         5957                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |         111      2.28%      2.28% |         103      2.11%      4.39% |         100      2.05%      6.44% |         108      2.22%      8.66% |          94      1.93%     10.59% |         119      2.44%     13.03% |         121      2.48%     15.52% |         120      2.46%     17.98% |         112      2.30%     20.28% |         125      2.57%     22.84% |         176      3.61%     26.46% |         156      3.20%     29.66% |         132      2.71%     32.37% |         173      3.55%     35.92% |         210      4.31%     40.23% |         184      3.78%     44.01% |         149      3.06%     47.06% |         157      3.22%     50.29% |         178      3.65%     53.94% |         217      4.45%     58.39% |         177      3.63%     62.03% |         143      2.94%     64.96% |         195      4.00%     68.97% |         257      5.28%     74.24% |         182      3.74%     77.98% |         184      3.78%     81.75% |         187      3.84%     85.59% |         223      4.58%     90.17% |          92      1.89%     92.06% |         136      2.79%     94.85% |         117      2.40%     97.25% |         134      2.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         4872                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51606      6.87%      6.87% |       23533      3.13%     10.01% |       22168      2.95%     12.96% |       23104      3.08%     16.04% |       22440      2.99%     19.03% |       21929      2.92%     21.95% |       21593      2.88%     24.82% |       21580      2.87%     27.70% |       22000      2.93%     30.63% |       22296      2.97%     33.60% |       24151      3.22%     36.81% |       24366      3.25%     40.06% |       22681      3.02%     43.08% |       22094      2.94%     46.02% |       21262      2.83%     48.85% |       21695      2.89%     51.74% |       22775      3.03%     54.77% |       22147      2.95%     57.72% |       22421      2.99%     60.71% |       22567      3.01%     63.72% |       22371      2.98%     66.70% |       24619      3.28%     69.97% |       22111      2.94%     72.92% |       21743      2.90%     75.82% |       22439      2.99%     78.80% |       22582      3.01%     81.81% |       22173      2.95%     84.76% |       22114      2.95%     87.71% |       22190      2.96%     90.66% |       21807      2.90%     93.57% |       22918      3.05%     96.62% |       25368      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       750843                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          82      2.06%      2.06% |          96      2.41%      4.47% |          77      1.93%      6.40% |          74      1.86%      8.25% |          75      1.88%     10.14% |         108      2.71%     12.84% |         107      2.68%     15.53% |         100      2.51%     18.04% |         117      2.94%     20.97% |          91      2.28%     23.26% |         157      3.94%     27.20% |         110      2.76%     29.95% |         106      2.66%     32.61% |         129      3.24%     35.85% |         173      4.34%     40.19% |         152      3.81%     44.00% |         116      2.91%     46.91% |         118      2.96%     49.87% |         112      2.81%     52.68% |         198      4.97%     57.65% |         140      3.51%     61.16% |         132      3.31%     64.48% |         141      3.54%     68.01% |         194      4.87%     72.88% |         158      3.96%     76.84% |         141      3.54%     80.38% |         162      4.06%     84.45% |         168      4.21%     88.66% |         115      2.89%     91.55% |         101      2.53%     94.08% |         114      2.86%     96.94% |         122      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         3986                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          49      2.18%      2.18% |          47      2.09%      4.27% |          40      1.78%      6.05% |          57      2.53%      8.58% |          60      2.67%     11.25% |          59      2.62%     13.87% |          53      2.36%     16.23% |          68      3.02%     19.25% |          75      3.33%     22.59% |          68      3.02%     25.61% |          74      3.29%     28.90% |          52      2.31%     31.21% |          76      3.38%     34.59% |          84      3.73%     38.33% |          84      3.73%     42.06% |          64      2.85%     44.91% |          70      3.11%     48.02% |          74      3.29%     51.31% |          78      3.47%     54.78% |          92      4.09%     58.87% |          81      3.60%     62.47% |          81      3.60%     66.07% |          81      3.60%     69.68% |          99      4.40%     74.08% |          68      3.02%     77.10% |          70      3.11%     80.21% |          88      3.91%     84.13% |          80      3.56%     87.68% |          73      3.25%     90.93% |          59      2.62%     93.55% |          84      3.73%     97.29% |          61      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         2249                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          13      3.85%      3.85% |          10      2.96%      6.80% |           6      1.78%      8.58% |          10      2.96%     11.54% |          11      3.25%     14.79% |          16      4.73%     19.53% |          12      3.55%     23.08% |           9      2.66%     25.74% |          17      5.03%     30.77% |          10      2.96%     33.73% |          10      2.96%     36.69% |          13      3.85%     40.53% |           8      2.37%     42.90% |          11      3.25%     46.15% |           9      2.66%     48.82% |           5      1.48%     50.30% |           9      2.66%     52.96% |          12      3.55%     56.51% |          12      3.55%     60.06% |          12      3.55%     63.61% |           7      2.07%     65.68% |          11      3.25%     68.93% |          15      4.44%     73.37% |          15      4.44%     77.81% |           6      1.78%     79.59% |          12      3.55%     83.14% |           8      2.37%     85.50% |          11      3.25%     88.76% |          11      3.25%     92.01% |           9      2.66%     94.67% |          11      3.25%     97.93% |           7      2.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          338                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6638      3.25%      3.25% |        6393      3.13%      6.38% |        6310      3.09%      9.47% |        6324      3.10%     12.57% |        6477      3.17%     15.74% |        6225      3.05%     18.79% |        6419      3.14%     21.93% |        6478      3.17%     25.10% |        6500      3.18%     28.29% |        6362      3.12%     31.40% |        6344      3.11%     34.51% |        6356      3.11%     37.62% |        6506      3.19%     40.81% |        6366      3.12%     43.93% |        6398      3.13%     47.06% |        6308      3.09%     50.15% |        6629      3.25%     53.40% |        6439      3.15%     56.55% |        6349      3.11%     59.66% |        6283      3.08%     62.73% |        6452      3.16%     65.89% |        6343      3.11%     69.00% |        6313      3.09%     72.09% |        6328      3.10%     75.19% |        6434      3.15%     78.34% |        6312      3.09%     81.43% |        6251      3.06%     84.49% |        6315      3.09%     87.59% |        6447      3.16%     90.74% |        6299      3.08%     93.83% |        6308      3.09%     96.92% |        6294      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       204200                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         423      3.25%      3.25% |         418      3.21%      6.47% |         404      3.11%      9.57% |         408      3.14%     12.71% |         402      3.09%     15.80% |         402      3.09%     18.89% |         417      3.21%     22.09% |         408      3.14%     25.23% |         421      3.24%     28.47% |         397      3.05%     31.52% |         411      3.16%     34.68% |         417      3.21%     37.88% |         405      3.11%     41.00% |         401      3.08%     44.08% |         407      3.13%     47.21% |         405      3.11%     50.32% |         406      3.12%     53.44% |         417      3.21%     56.65% |         398      3.06%     59.71% |         405      3.11%     62.82% |         413      3.17%     66.00% |         386      2.97%     68.97% |         409      3.14%     72.11% |         398      3.06%     75.17% |         410      3.15%     78.32% |         404      3.11%     81.43% |         403      3.10%     84.52% |         402      3.09%     87.62% |         402      3.09%     90.71% |         408      3.14%     93.84% |         392      3.01%     96.86% |         409      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        13008                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          25      0.60%      0.60% |          40      0.96%      1.56% |         156      3.74%      5.30% |         138      3.31%      8.61% |         204      4.89%     13.50% |         280      6.71%     20.21% |          28      0.67%     20.88% |          22      0.53%     21.41% |         154      3.69%     25.10% |         144      3.45%     28.55% |          99      2.37%     30.93% |         128      3.07%     34.00% |         142      3.40%     37.40% |         105      2.52%     39.92% |          89      2.13%     42.05% |         152      3.64%     45.70% |          25      0.60%     46.30% |          29      0.70%     46.99% |         121      2.90%     49.89% |         160      3.84%     53.73% |         176      4.22%     57.95% |         139      3.33%     61.28% |         149      3.57%     64.85% |         132      3.16%     68.02% |         185      4.44%     72.45% |         154      3.69%     76.14% |         161      3.86%     80.00% |          97      2.33%     82.33% |         214      5.13%     87.46% |         183      4.39%     91.85% |         191      4.58%     96.43% |         149      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         4171                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          24      0.60%      0.60% |          39      0.98%      1.58% |         149      3.75%      5.33% |         131      3.30%      8.63% |         190      4.78%     13.41% |         269      6.77%     20.18% |          27      0.68%     20.86% |          20      0.50%     21.36% |         146      3.67%     25.03% |         140      3.52%     28.55% |          93      2.34%     30.89% |         126      3.17%     34.06% |         139      3.50%     37.56% |         102      2.57%     40.13% |          84      2.11%     42.24% |         142      3.57%     45.81% |          23      0.58%     46.39% |          29      0.73%     47.12% |         114      2.87%     49.99% |         152      3.82%     53.81% |         167      4.20%     58.01% |         134      3.37%     61.38% |         139      3.50%     64.88% |         125      3.14%     68.03% |         177      4.45%     72.48% |         144      3.62%     76.10% |         157      3.95%     80.05% |          90      2.26%     82.31% |         203      5.11%     87.42% |         174      4.38%     91.80% |         182      4.58%     96.38% |         144      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         3975                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1      0.51%      0.51% |           1      0.51%      1.02% |           7      3.57%      4.59% |           7      3.57%      8.16% |          14      7.14%     15.31% |          11      5.61%     20.92% |           1      0.51%     21.43% |           2      1.02%     22.45% |           8      4.08%     26.53% |           4      2.04%     28.57% |           6      3.06%     31.63% |           2      1.02%     32.65% |           3      1.53%     34.18% |           3      1.53%     35.71% |           5      2.55%     38.27% |          10      5.10%     43.37% |           2      1.02%     44.39% |           0      0.00%     44.39% |           7      3.57%     47.96% |           8      4.08%     52.04% |           9      4.59%     56.63% |           5      2.55%     59.18% |          10      5.10%     64.29% |           7      3.57%     67.86% |           8      4.08%     71.94% |          10      5.10%     77.04% |           4      2.04%     79.08% |           7      3.57%     82.65% |          11      5.61%     88.27% |           9      4.59%     92.86% |           9      4.59%     97.45% |           5      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          36      2.97%      2.97% |          40      3.30%      6.27% |          41      3.38%      9.65% |          35      2.89%     12.54% |          26      2.15%     14.69% |          44      3.63%     18.32% |          38      3.14%     21.45% |          34      2.81%     24.26% |          25      2.06%     26.32% |          34      2.81%     29.13% |          41      3.38%     32.51% |          40      3.30%     35.81% |          33      2.72%     38.53% |          45      3.71%     42.24% |          35      2.89%     45.13% |          39      3.22%     48.35% |          46      3.80%     52.15% |          43      3.55%     55.69% |          40      3.30%     58.99% |          38      3.14%     62.13% |          43      3.55%     65.68% |          34      2.81%     68.48% |          40      3.30%     71.78% |          37      3.05%     74.83% |          32      2.64%     77.48% |          41      3.38%     80.86% |          42      3.47%     84.32% |          39      3.22%     87.54% |          33      2.72%     90.26% |          51      4.21%     94.47% |          35      2.89%     97.36% |          32      2.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total         1212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          14      2.52%      2.52% |          15      2.70%      5.22% |          11      1.98%      7.19% |          16      2.88%     10.07% |           7      1.26%     11.33% |          19      3.42%     14.75% |          11      1.98%     16.73% |          21      3.78%     20.50% |          17      3.06%     23.56% |          14      2.52%     26.08% |          12      2.16%     28.24% |          20      3.60%     31.83% |          26      4.68%     36.51% |          22      3.96%     40.47% |          13      2.34%     42.81% |          19      3.42%     46.22% |          13      2.34%     48.56% |          21      3.78%     52.34% |          21      3.78%     56.12% |          19      3.42%     59.53% |          17      3.06%     62.59% |          14      2.52%     65.11% |          18      3.24%     68.35% |          21      3.78%     72.12% |          20      3.60%     75.72% |          22      3.96%     79.68% |          20      3.60%     83.27% |          16      2.88%     86.15% |          18      3.24%     89.39% |          16      2.88%     92.27% |          20      3.60%     95.86% |          23      4.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          556                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |           8      3.12%      3.12% |           7      2.73%      5.86% |          13      5.08%     10.94% |           8      3.12%     14.06% |           5      1.95%     16.02% |           5      1.95%     17.97% |           8      3.12%     21.09% |           4      1.56%     22.66% |          10      3.91%     26.56% |           9      3.52%     30.08% |           6      2.34%     32.42% |           5      1.95%     34.38% |           9      3.52%     37.89% |           7      2.73%     40.62% |           8      3.12%     43.75% |           2      0.78%     44.53% |           9      3.52%     48.05% |           5      1.95%     50.00% |          12      4.69%     54.69% |          11      4.30%     58.98% |          13      5.08%     64.06% |           9      3.52%     67.58% |          11      4.30%     71.88% |           5      1.95%     73.83% |          10      3.91%     77.73% |           8      3.12%     80.86% |           9      3.52%     84.38% |           8      3.12%     87.50% |           4      1.56%     89.06% |          12      4.69%     93.75% |           5      1.95%     95.70% |          11      4.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          256                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7061      3.25%      3.25% |        6811      3.14%      6.39% |        6714      3.09%      9.48% |        6732      3.10%     12.58% |        6879      3.17%     15.74% |        6627      3.05%     18.79% |        6836      3.15%     21.94% |        6886      3.17%     25.11% |        6921      3.19%     28.30% |        6759      3.11%     31.41% |        6755      3.11%     34.52% |        6773      3.12%     37.64% |        6911      3.18%     40.82% |        6767      3.12%     43.94% |        6805      3.13%     47.07% |        6713      3.09%     50.16% |        7035      3.24%     53.40% |        6856      3.16%     56.55% |        6747      3.11%     59.66% |        6688      3.08%     62.74% |        6865      3.16%     65.90% |        6729      3.10%     69.00% |        6722      3.09%     72.09% |        6726      3.10%     75.19% |        6844      3.15%     78.34% |        6716      3.09%     81.43% |        6654      3.06%     84.50% |        6717      3.09%     87.59% |        6849      3.15%     90.74% |        6707      3.09%     93.83% |        6700      3.08%     96.91% |        6703      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       217208                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      305828     17.58%     17.58% |      869870     50.00%     67.58% |      136050      7.82%     75.40% |      148023      8.51%     83.91% |      134544      7.73%     91.64% |      145425      8.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1739740                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      305828     17.58%     17.58% |      869870     50.00%     67.58% |      136050      7.82%     75.40% |      148023      8.51%     83.91% |      134544      7.73%     91.64% |      145425      8.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1739740                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      305828     17.58%     17.58% |      869870     50.00%     67.58% |      136050      7.82%     75.40% |      148023      8.51%     83.91% |      134544      7.73%     91.64% |      145425      8.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1739740                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      305828     17.58%     17.58% |      869870     50.00%     67.58% |      136050      7.82%     75.40% |      148023      8.51%     83.91% |      134544      7.73%     91.64% |      145425      8.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1739740                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
