
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153831                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153831316500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5329999395000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  42543                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    81026                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              101499794                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4099812                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1515.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64476999                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122801926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25324224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25324224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21445184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21445184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       395691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             395691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            335081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164623333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164623333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139407141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139407141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    304030474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           304030474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     395692                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    335081                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   395692                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  335081                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25323392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21444928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25324288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21445184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            25009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            25057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   158662                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    17033                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153831053000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               395692                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              335081                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                163099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  51348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  51757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  53551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  23468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  39177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       238066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   196.443810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.309367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.653071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        82923     34.83%     34.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        64735     27.19%     62.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71481     30.03%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9694      4.07%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4806      2.02%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1896      0.80%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          964      0.40%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          646      0.27%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          921      0.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       238066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.944204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.958892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49798     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49806                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.727643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.104421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.555236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40111     80.53%     80.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1412      2.83%     83.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5897     11.84%     95.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2386      4.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49806                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 69534255481                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            76953217981                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1978390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   175734.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              194484.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  284616                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 208060                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               62.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210504.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26565825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5136560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122123072750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              906005520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              893365200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              494348250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              487451250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1549314000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1536085200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1087985520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082730240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61123758480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60866229915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38677935000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38903837250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113886458130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113816810415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          740.361636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.908865                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24519424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24519424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20684480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20684480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       383116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             383116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159391628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159391628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134462088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134462088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293853716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293853716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     383116                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323195                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   383116                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323195                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24518592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20684352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24519424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20684480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                   144108                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    16597                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153830562000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               383116                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323195                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  1145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                148595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  48322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  49209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  50189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  51899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  16630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  22417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  37790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       207542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.792485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.256920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.340458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        52614     25.35%     25.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        63481     30.59%     55.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71634     34.52%     90.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9487      4.57%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5358      2.58%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2037      0.98%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1115      0.54%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          733      0.35%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1083      0.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       207542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        47984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.983807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.636831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        47978     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        47984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        47984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.735433                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.105421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.575063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38399     80.02%     80.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1649      3.44%     83.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5491     11.44%     94.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2445      5.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        47984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 64971660843                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            72154842093                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1915515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   169593.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              188343.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  282270                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 216472                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               66.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217794.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27041890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5136560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121647017750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              790337520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              778385160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              431235750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              424714125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500759000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486633200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049798880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1043928000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60091066395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59614307280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39583811250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40002021000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113494120155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113397100125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.811048                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          737.180333                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24519936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24519936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20685888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20685888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       383124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             383124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323217                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323217                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159394956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159394956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134471241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134471241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293866197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293866197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     383124                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323217                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   383124                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323217                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24518784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20685760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24519936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20685888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                   143327                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    17350                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153830486000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               383124                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323217                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                147994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  48380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  49247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  50243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  51869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  16535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  22099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  38166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       206592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.802974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.336717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.145458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51699     25.02%     25.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        62526     30.27%     55.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72362     35.03%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9749      4.72%     95.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5299      2.56%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2076      1.00%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1048      0.51%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          715      0.35%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1118      0.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       206592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        47988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.983267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.687500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        47982     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        47988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        47988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.735330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.104993                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.576094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38387     79.99%     79.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1646      3.43%     83.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5457     11.37%     94.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2498      5.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        47988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 64751944041                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            71935181541                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1915530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   169018.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              187768.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  282571                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 217145                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               67.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217785.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27139091000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5136560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121549777750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              786466800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              775073880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              429123750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              422907375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1500985200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1486438200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049766480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1044090000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59667864480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59205001680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39955017000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40361037000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113436335070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113341659495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          737.435586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.820112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24499520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24499520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20683584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20683584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323181                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323181                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159262240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159262240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134456263                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134456263                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293718503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293718503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382805                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323181                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382805                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323181                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24498880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20683584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24499520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20683584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                   142235                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    17116                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153830193500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382805                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323181                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  1205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  1222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  1211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  1145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  2076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                146868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  48399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  49291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  50230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  52008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  22088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  37755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       205428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.934654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.651774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.101592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        50203     24.44%     24.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        63156     30.74%     55.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72176     35.13%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9837      4.79%     95.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5115      2.49%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1980      0.96%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1101      0.54%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          757      0.37%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1103      0.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       205428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.973546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.069904                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48002     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.731816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.104723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.564761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38370     79.92%     79.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1788      3.72%     83.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5387     11.22%     94.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2463      5.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 64774320184                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            71951726434                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   169214.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              187964.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  282372                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 218164                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                73.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               67.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    217894.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26225176500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5136560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122463729000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              781174800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              771581160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              426236250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              421001625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499214600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485744000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049585040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044051120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59845685670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59299620255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39799056000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40278060750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113448063720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113347170270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          737.511653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.855757                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13540199                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 43.391987                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                27.943839                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                81.786328                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    13406017     99.01%     99.01% |      132793      0.98%     99.99% |        1362      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13540199                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43627180                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.130116                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.659993                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.257112                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41520675     95.17%     95.17% |     1422628      3.26%     98.43% |       36870      0.08%     98.52% |       40200      0.09%     98.61% |       37264      0.09%     98.69% |       55890      0.13%     98.82% |       98477      0.23%     99.05% |      281209      0.64%     99.69% |      133967      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43627180                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43627178                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              43.967674                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.776644                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            315.590442                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43262393     99.16%     99.16% |      325903      0.75%     99.91% |       33131      0.08%     99.99% |        5377      0.01%    100.00% |         373      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43627178                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41456101                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000135                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000116                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.011808                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41450555     99.99%     99.99% |        5499      0.01%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41456101                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171077                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        826.231237                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       306.171745                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1165.073811                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1806292     83.20%     83.20% |      325903     15.01%     98.21% |       33131      1.53%     99.74% |        5377      0.25%     99.98% |         373      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171077                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         174948                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       174948                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         1228                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         1186                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         1219                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles         1134                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26874920                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312803                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28187723                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14575130                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127051                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14702181                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       474310                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46081                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       186813                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130519                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78027                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          377                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        15837                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        15726                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          373                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45704                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46077                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        15741                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        15692                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          382                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45697                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        15816                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        15701                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        16063                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          374                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        15873                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits          370                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45710                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles        16119                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits          381                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45699                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles        15943                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits          387                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles        15949                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits          382                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45697                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles        15994                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits          374                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles        16153                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits          375                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45703                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles        16000                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits          382                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45697                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles        15941                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits          378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles        15820                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       118079                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        60389                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47899                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68059                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16806                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47947                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64753                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47932                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12587                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47970                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60557                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47910                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47938                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60457                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60726                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15265                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47901                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63166                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62847                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15783                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47936                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63719                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16474                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47860                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64334                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62321                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47862                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66922                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67954                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        64011                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16869                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47920                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64789                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18402                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47963                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66365                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16295                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47885                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47796                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66212                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20353                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47851                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68204                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47852                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67173                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62051                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47818                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75218                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24895                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72728                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61514                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11041                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47859                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58900                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10844                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47875                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58719                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14697                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47946                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15121                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47882                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        63003                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     21321067                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     21321067                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     21559341                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21321067                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8713345                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8703379                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     21321066                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.069300                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      9316601                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      9316601                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9540188                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9316601                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4235900                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4219193                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      9316601                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.030282                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      6556288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      6556288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6739665                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6556288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2397027                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2390584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      6556288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.021310                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      5499477                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      5499477                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5672583                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5499477                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2067661                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2062273                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      5499477                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.017875                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      7816290                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      7816290                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8036861                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7816290                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3297137                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3287738                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      7816290                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.025405                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8319477                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8319477                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8604559                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8319477                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3478181                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3466637                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8319477                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.027041                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9005973                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9005973                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9249388                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9005973                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3246009                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3236957                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9005973                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6102355                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6102355                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6332723                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6102355                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2349032                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2340199                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6102355                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.019835                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3683186                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3683186                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3781202                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3683186                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1415124                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1411794                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3683186                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.011972                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5026263                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5026263                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5176769                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5026263                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2115031                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2110019                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5026263                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.016337                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      4354268                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      4354268                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4519145                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4354268                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1684550                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1679428                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      4354268                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.014153                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3908372                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3908372                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4019585                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3908372                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1465920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1462344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3908372                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.012703                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      5457893                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      5457893                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5604182                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5457893                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2245340                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2240713                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      5457893                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.017740                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      4392959                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      4392959                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4541017                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4392959                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1681421                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1676595                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      4392959                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014278                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2764095                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2764095                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2854264                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2764095                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1081709                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1078387                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2764095                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      4080913                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      4080913                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4237554                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4080913                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1597567                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1589069                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      4080913                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013264                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      5241460                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      5241460                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5397032                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5241460                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1983267                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1974724                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      5241460                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017036                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      4236261                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      4236261                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4392022                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4236261                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1651773                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1644165                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      4236261                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013769                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3834484                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3834484                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3927689                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3834484                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1453755                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1451380                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3834484                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012463                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2346995                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2346995                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2379657                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2346995                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       894789                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       894123                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2346995                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007628                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1747470                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1747470                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1753423                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1747470                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       695117                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       695058                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1747470                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2378909                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2378909                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2386971                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2378909                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1008838                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1008541                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2378909                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007732                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2141381                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2141381                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2150583                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2141381                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       862119                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       861845                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2141381                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006960                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1411264                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1411264                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1413768                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1411264                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550501                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550448                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1411264                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004587                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1706784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1706784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1712419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1706784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       648968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       648900                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1706784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005548                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2356621                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2356621                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2364340                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2356621                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       988300                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       988037                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2356621                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007660                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2100217                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2100217                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2109290                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2100217                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       836436                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       836169                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2100217                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006826                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1431945                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1431945                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1434472                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1431945                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       557627                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       557573                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1431945                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004654                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7569062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7569062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7993652                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7569062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2783788                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2775154                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7569061                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.024602                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7837467                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7837467                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8160649                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7837467                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2876264                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2869359                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7837467                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025474                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8102095                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8102095                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8600450                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8102095                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3014073                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3002963                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8102095                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.026334                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8325438                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8325438                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8768449                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8325438                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3101305                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3091190                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8325438                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.027060                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12969135     29.58%     29.58% |    28812695     65.72%     95.29% |     2062901      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43844731                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12969136     29.58%     29.58% |    28812696     65.72%     95.29% |     2062901      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43844733                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   485371868                       |   699512572                       |    46662617                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   528754144                       |   117792300                       |     2062901                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.425153                       |   24.277929                       |   22.619901                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   40.770194                       |    4.088208                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.088827                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    14.793325                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         42.882152                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002261                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.053497      7.68%      7.68% |    0.053408      7.67%     15.35% |    0.051994      7.47%     22.82% |    0.052036      7.47%     30.29% |    0.112926     16.22%     46.51% |    0.112881     16.21%     62.73% |    0.112821     16.20%     78.93% |    0.112728     16.19%     95.12% |    0.008495      1.22%     96.34% |    0.008496      1.22%     97.56% |    0.008498      1.22%     98.78% |    0.008496      1.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.696276                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017305                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027822                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000872                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000872                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000872                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004522                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002029                       |    0.002023                       |    0.002012                       |    0.002008                       |    0.001960                       |    0.001959                       |    0.002035                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002075                       |    0.002063                       |    0.001994                       |    0.002006                       |    0.001991                       |    0.001996                       |    0.002043                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002055                       |    0.002068                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002076                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002100                       |    0.002141                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002274                       |    0.002228                       |    0.007711                       |    0.007465                       |    0.007465                       |    0.007459                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000444                       |    0.001013                       |    0.000036                       |    0.000038                       |    0.000037                       |    0.000038                       |    0.000036                       |    0.000038                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000036                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000036                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002143                       |    0.001256                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002148                       |    0.000034                       |    0.002335                       |    0.004641                       |    0.001924                       |           0                       |    0.002276                       |    0.006846                       |           0                       |    0.005083                       |    0.007853                       |    0.002545                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002141                       |    0.000036                       |    0.005341                       |    0.003623                       |    0.009279                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002125                       |    0.000038                       |    0.007785                       |    0.004261                       |    0.002776                       |           0                       |    0.002241                       |    0.006610                       |           0                       |    0.008599                       |    0.004880                       |    0.003145                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002184                       |    0.000035                       |    0.004662                       |    0.002299                       |    0.002634                       |           0                       |    0.002213                       |           0                       |    0.002076                       |    0.001258                       |           0                       |    0.002249                       |           0                       |    0.001202                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002164                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002139                       |    0.000035                       |    0.001806                       |    0.003885                       |    0.004620                       |    0.002961                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002120                       |    0.000037                       |    0.004768                       |    0.008027                       |    0.006004                       |    0.003560                       |    0.027711                       |    0.003983                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002736                       |    0.013618                       |    0.016971                       |    0.003838                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002245                       |    0.001013                       |    0.002721                       |    0.006632                       |    0.013828                       |    0.003842                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002111                       |    0.000038                       |    0.006969                       |    0.005293                       |    0.007844                       |    0.003896                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002118                       |    0.000036                       |    0.002778                       |    0.004624                       |    0.003858                       |    0.003436                       |           0                       |    0.002241                       |           0                       |    0.001173                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002139                       |           0                       |    0.002257                       |           0                       |    0.000474                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002091                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002183                       |    0.000034                       |    0.001326                       |    0.002333                       |    0.004678                       |    0.002709                       |           0                       |    0.002410                       |    0.006610                       |           0                       |    0.001702                       |    0.005080                       |    0.007819                       |    0.002713                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002078                       |    0.000036                       |    0.014597                       |    0.005336                       |    0.003578                       |    0.002757                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002085                       |    0.000038                       |    0.002089                       |    0.007763                       |    0.004219                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.002339                       |    0.006607                       |           0                       |    0.002526                       |    0.008639                       |    0.004873                       |    0.002077                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002120                       |    0.000035                       |    0.002254                       |    0.004594                       |    0.002295                       |    0.002091                       |           0                       |    0.002205                       |           0                       |    0.000436                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |           0                       |    0.000326                       |    0.002061                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002117                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000994                       |    0.000435                       |    0.004516                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002120                       |    0.000034                       |    0.003020                       |    0.001319                       |    0.005881                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002164                       |    0.000035                       |    0.006984                       |    0.003134                       |    0.003829                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002157                       |    0.000036                       |    0.000907                       |    0.005449                       |    0.004330                       |           0                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.004665                       |    0.004244                       |    0.001370                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |           0                       |    0.000992                       |    0.004001                       |    0.000435                       |           0                       |    0.002228                       |           0                       |    0.000327                       |    0.002100                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.696276                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14464138                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14464138                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11815820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11161063                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.458641                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          570398                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29679                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14651884                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95045                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22428983                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188694                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14746929                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22617677                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37080867                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283739                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37364606                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14709364                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10097                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14719461                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14709364                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10097                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14719461                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300835978                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47136521                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76042988                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14464138                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11731461                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247594086                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       207574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       372840                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       348824                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14708759                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4328                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296571373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.503635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.704588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        265874161     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5806004      1.96%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1710876      0.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1353533      0.46%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4951584      1.67%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5249779      1.77%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1184301      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           614645      0.21%     96.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9826490      3.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296571373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048080                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.252772                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28189351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     243812675                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17706676                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6101854                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141354270                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30909410                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151378376                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16934824                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20790615                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75797331                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138052490                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2694076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150378399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     311306297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    186984356                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132696590                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17681781                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447726                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41439777                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7841809                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22988954                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1007919                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       771836                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135232447                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       571993                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139376808                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294455                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12599755                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17047332                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141885                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296571373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.469960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239693200     80.82%     80.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22398305      7.55%     88.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13680796      4.61%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8633637      2.91%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3415528      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3974273      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730147      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562255      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483232      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296571373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123942      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954507     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324151     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504834      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101122887     72.55%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14869214     10.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22763799     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139376808                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.463298                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402600                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010063                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    577021989                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148413969                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130217999                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140274546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1504605                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341230                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2784                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10059                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075039                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8232457                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5599920                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142715085                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135804440                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7841809                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22988954                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       562900                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          99050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10059                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407034                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369043                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138076110                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14641252                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37109323                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12109555                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22468071                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.458975                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130359187                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130218019                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          77926445                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112032901                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.432854                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.695568                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12929481                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       430108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294344492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.205809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245287374     83.33%     83.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19161215      6.51%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10977262      3.73%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10784596      3.66%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2234981      0.76%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       498590      0.17%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390322      0.81%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523626      0.18%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2486526      0.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294344492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64476998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122801923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28414482                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6500575                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11403703                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122228802                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       488343                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94056219     76.59%     76.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6500575      5.29%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21913907     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122801923                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2486526                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            427381267                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           273702238                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88160                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4264605                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64476998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122801923                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.665788                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.665788                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.214326                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.214326                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190437902                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95046004                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60431349                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45325971                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61857564                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2400636000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2400636000.000004                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6240263                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        64.090305                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       34.158076                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      116.621416                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6106081     97.85%     97.85% |      132793      2.13%     99.98% |        1362      0.02%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6240263                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7278231                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.707588                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.543740                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.077314                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     7270951     99.90%     99.90% |        7088      0.10%    100.00% |         144      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7278231                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         21705                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.576319                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.165394                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.581173                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         727      3.35%      3.35% |        2575     11.86%     15.21% |        9651     44.46%     59.68% |        5014     23.10%     82.78% |        3485     16.06%     98.83% |         208      0.96%     99.79% |          37      0.17%     99.96% |           6      0.03%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           21705                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6149905                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           76.480143                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.185368                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         441.087527                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5988056     97.37%     97.37% |       61727      1.00%     98.37% |       57738      0.94%     99.31% |       29965      0.49%     99.80% |        8909      0.14%     99.94% |        2094      0.03%     99.98% |         980      0.02%     99.99% |         388      0.01%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6149905                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5701591                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000638                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000550                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025290                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5697957     99.94%     99.94% |        3633      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5701591                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       448314                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1010.981593                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    288.323409                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1314.140168                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      286465     63.90%     63.90% |       61727     13.77%     77.67% |       57738     12.88%     90.55% |       29965      6.68%     97.23% |        8909      1.99%     99.22% |        2094      0.47%     99.68% |         980      0.22%     99.90% |         388      0.09%     99.99% |          44      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        448314                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22448707                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           61.858272                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.187749                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         372.100534                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22184110     98.82%     98.82% |      238140      1.06%     99.88% |       22122      0.10%     99.98% |        4009      0.02%    100.00% |         325      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22448707                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20881134                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000090                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000077                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009859                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20879324     99.99%     99.99% |        1764      0.01%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20881134                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1567573                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     845.889127                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    356.006754                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1149.771123                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1302976     83.12%     83.12% |      238140     15.19%     98.31% |       22122      1.41%     99.72% |        4009      0.26%     99.98% |         325      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1567573                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14702179                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.759051                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.052227                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14702076    100.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14702179                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14575130                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14575128    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14575130                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127049                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    90.837795                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.553043                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    95.709919                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126946     99.92%     99.92% |          38      0.03%     99.95% |          39      0.03%     99.98% |          20      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127049                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.087960                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019545                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.866816                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      324961     99.96%     99.96% |         117      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296968                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296868     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296968                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   108.083876                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.281303                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.910302                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       27993     99.57%     99.57% |         117      0.42%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13028                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      3428018                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       123462                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    22686                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    18476                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    22646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18518                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    22676                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    18520                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    22653                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    18527                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    22691                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    18499                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   22613                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   18512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   22545                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   18454                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   22623                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   18461                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   22644                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   18414                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   22665                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   18511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   22582                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   18483                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   22542                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   18516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                   22612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                   18438                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   22559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   18486                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   22660                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   18496                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   22560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   18563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   2690                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2292                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2730                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   2700                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   2723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   2241                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2685                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   2269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  2763                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2256                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  2831                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  2314                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2753                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  2307                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                  2732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  2711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  2257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  2794                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  2285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  2834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                  2764                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  2330                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  2817                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  2282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                  2716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  2816                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  2205                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    14318                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    11977                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    14171                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    11865                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    14312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    11902                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    14180                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    11826                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    14295                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    12042                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   14147                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   11860                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   14590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   12261                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   14407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   12130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                   14604                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   12300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                   14480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   12214                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   14421                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                   12075                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                   14547                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   12155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                   14715                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                   12445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                   14677                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   12172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                   14506                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                   12223                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                   14391                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   11975                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1358553                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 1141220                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1324943                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1062807                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1364690                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 1121911                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1310126                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 1059056                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 1369703                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 1116740                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                1349851                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                1074520                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                1413699                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                1167054                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                1416390                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               31953701                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               32247451                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               32021327                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               32214646                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               31950853                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               32190128                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31944789                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               32179040                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31986989                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               32231488                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               32011868                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               32237394                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31983037                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               32186639                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               31950103                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               32169120                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31936282                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                    7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 6436                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 4689                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 6410                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 4679                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6445                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 4699                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 6421                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 4693                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 6409                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 4685                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                6413                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                4722                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                6382                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                4660                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6394                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                4684                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                6397                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                4681                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                6448                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                4706                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                6350                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                4682                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                6360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits                4715                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6440                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                4658                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                6434                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                4692                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                6428                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                4688                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                6431                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                4700                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                892                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                591                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                918                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                601                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                883                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                581                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                907                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                587                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                919                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                595                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               915                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               558                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               946                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               620                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               934                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               596                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               931                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               599                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               880                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               574                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses               978                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               598                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               968                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               565                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               888                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               622                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               894                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               588                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               900                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               592                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               897                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               580                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               16250                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               13787                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               16236                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               13839                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               16231                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               13821                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               16232                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               13834                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               16282                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               13814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              16200                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              13790                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              16163                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              13794                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              16229                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              13777                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits              16247                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              13733                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits              16217                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits              13805                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              16232                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits              13801                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits              16182                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              13801                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits              16172                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits              13780                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits              16125                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits              13794                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits              16232                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits              13808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits              16129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits              13863                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              1798                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              1701                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              1812                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              1649                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              1817                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              1667                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              1816                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              1654                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              1766                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              1674                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             1848                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             1698                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             1885                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             1694                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             1819                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             1711                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses             1801                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses             1755                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses             1831                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             1683                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses             1816                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses             1687                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses             1866                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             1687                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses             1876                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses             1708                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses             1923                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             1694                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses             1816                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses             1680                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses             1919                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             1625                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2480631                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2138921                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2505243                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2100724                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2475031                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2127065                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2491118                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2092951                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2480601                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2122048                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2492904                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2104786                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2518946                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2137719                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2519927                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2140351                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2527371                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               2150275                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2518710                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2119718                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               2526989                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2150083                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2498259                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               2148730                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               2536725                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles               2135195                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               2520985                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               2136873                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               2519160                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               2135124                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles               2465637                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               2146896                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2153588                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1833435                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2219226                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1825344                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2178381                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1715994                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2198176                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1753523                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2114051                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1745317                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2137362                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1784625                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2153599                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1848300                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2259047                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1830167                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2260937                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1779834                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              2263320                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1721466                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              2162277                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1857808                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2185886                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1859818                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles              2195951                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles              1808257                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              2242604                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1784868                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              2196074                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              1720217                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles              2130930                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1794849                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             297882                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2054340                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1939773                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2084574                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              1781488                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2098684                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2035623                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2142007                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1861212                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2123111                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              1967594                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2262661                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             1855761                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2246123                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1939826                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2142424                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             1845077                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             2099924                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             2069404                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2088567                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1959435                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             2167682                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             1974275                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             2182078                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             1975897                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles             2223257                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles             2038359                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             2140945                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             2028802                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles             2209429                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles             2031999                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles             2194334                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles             2010171                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2153588                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1833435                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2219226                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1825344                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2178381                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1715994                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2198176                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1753523                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2114051                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1745317                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2137362                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1784625                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2153599                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1848300                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2259047                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1830167                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2260937                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1779834                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         2263320                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1721466                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         2162277                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1857808                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2185886                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1859818                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time         2195951                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time         1808257                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         2242604                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1784868                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         2196074                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         1720217                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time         2130930                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1794849                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        297367                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1856704                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1732025                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1892809                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1690387                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1898224                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1727087                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1913085                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1675521                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1883609                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1689660                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1913929                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1693005                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1907302                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1711332                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1967970                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1697455                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1928546                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        1738469                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1930876                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1675123                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        1897129                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1727359                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1922748                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        1732442                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time        1947201                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time        1735120                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time        1955083                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time        1728394                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time        1928936                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time        1709977                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time        1900776                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time        1719852                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2458583                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2130827                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2481998                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2081462                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2456435                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2116108                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2472522                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2069536                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2462005                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2105860                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2483606                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2079981                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2504999                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2125578                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2497182                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2120129                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2508775                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           2134087                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2496447                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2099483                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           2513053                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2137942                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2484800                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           2132542                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           2522778                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time           2124333                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           2502389                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           2132826                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           2507581                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           2122983                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time           2456339                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           2134755                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305503873                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305503869                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305503875                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305503871                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305503880                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305503876                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305503892                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305503888                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        302962466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        305503897                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        302962462                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        305503893                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        302962458                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        305503889                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        302962464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        305503895                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        302962478                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        305503909                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        302962474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        305503905                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        302962470                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        305503901                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        302962466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        305503897                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2467606                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2130749                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2486482                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2079248                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2441190                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2107075                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2468280                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2079903                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2450989                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2117370                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2484310                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2083942                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2500756                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2130299                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2501887                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2111983                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2515293                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         2136678                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2513118                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2109730                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         2513187                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2132489                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2477572                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2125761                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         2518005                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         2129903                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         2511286                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2128817                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         2497879                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         2127804                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         2453527                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2128472                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               449                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               362                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               453                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               361                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               448                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               453                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               362                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              453                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              361                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              461                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              369                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              445                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              448                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              463                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              362                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              460                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              361                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              455                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              358                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              447                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              364                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              4173                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              3740                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4342                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              3863                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              3810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              4322                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              3894                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              4220                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              3679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4363                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             3825                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             3943                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             3478                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             4123                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             3589                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             3930                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             3417                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             4000                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3489                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             4142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             3649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4009                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             3537                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             3769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             3305                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             3810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             3546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             3995                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             3493                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             4102                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             3734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              1459                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              1013                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1578                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              1001                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              1414                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              1015                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1601                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              1010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              1457                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               997                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             1072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1341                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              865                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1434                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2              922                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             1338                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              961                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1441                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2              981                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             1373                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             1003                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1397                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2              963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             1277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              842                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1373                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2              919                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             1429                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              947                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1514                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2              981                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          790093                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          663284                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          797272                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          633076                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          809684                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          654057                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          774229                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          608571                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          787052                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles          652650                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         827740                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         638163                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         837045                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles         665522                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         818921                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         642899                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles         826204                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles         714235                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles         817675                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles         640868                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles         804383                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles         655383                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles         777778                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         685259                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles         825562                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles         686374                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles         833777                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles         643900                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles         813818                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles         659968                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles         796977                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles         659738                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      395665     25.61%     25.61% |      383116     24.80%     50.42% |      383124     24.80%     75.22% |      382805     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1544710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      329250     25.70%     25.70% |      317357     24.77%     50.46% |      317376     24.77%     75.23% |      317338     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1281321                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      395691     25.62%     25.62% |      383116     24.80%     50.42% |      383124     24.80%     75.22% |      382805     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1544736                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      335081     25.68%     25.68% |      323195     24.77%     50.46% |      323217     24.77%     75.23% |      323181     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304674                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       58223     25.25%     25.25% |       57567     24.96%     50.21% |       57556     24.96%     75.16% |       57275     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       230621                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      395665     25.61%     25.61% |      383116     24.80%     50.42% |      383124     24.80%     75.22% |      382805     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1544710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328994     25.69%     25.69% |      317163     24.77%     50.46% |      317185     24.77%     75.23% |      317149     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280491                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       58223     25.25%     25.25% |       57567     24.96%     50.21% |       57556     24.96%     75.16% |       57275     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       230621                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      395664     25.61%     25.61% |      383116     24.80%     50.42% |      383124     24.80%     75.22% |      382805     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1544709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328994     25.69%     25.69% |      317163     24.77%     50.46% |      317185     24.77%     75.23% |      317149     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280491                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5951000     96.74%     96.74% |          14      0.00%     96.74% |       12544      0.20%     96.94% |       12544      0.20%     97.15% |       12544      0.20%     97.35% |       12544      0.20%     97.55% |       12544      0.20%     97.76% |       12544      0.20%     97.96% |       12544      0.20%     98.16% |       12544      0.20%     98.37% |       12544      0.20%     98.57% |       12544      0.20%     98.78% |       12544      0.20%     98.98% |       12544      0.20%     99.18% |       12544      0.20%     99.39% |       12544      0.20%     99.59% |       12544      0.20%     99.80% |       12544      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6151718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14702229    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14702229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22238905     97.64%     97.64% |           0      0.00%     97.64% |       33539      0.15%     97.79% |       33543      0.15%     97.94% |       33537      0.15%     98.09% |       33544      0.15%     98.23% |       33540      0.15%     98.38% |       33543      0.15%     98.53% |       33540      0.15%     98.67% |       33541      0.15%     98.82% |       33543      0.15%     98.97% |       33542      0.15%     99.12% |       33541      0.15%     99.26% |       33543      0.15%     99.41% |       33541      0.15%     99.56% |       33539      0.15%     99.71% |       33542      0.15%     99.85% |       33539      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22775562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       19223     88.73%     88.73% |          14      0.06%     88.80% |         184      0.85%     89.65% |         221      1.02%     90.67% |         111      0.51%     91.18% |         276      1.27%     92.45% |         171      0.79%     93.24% |         218      1.01%     94.25% |          76      0.35%     94.60% |         143      0.66%     95.26% |          46      0.21%     95.47% |         132      0.61%     96.08% |         331      1.53%     97.61% |          80      0.37%     97.98% |          30      0.14%     98.12% |         132      0.61%     98.73% |         163      0.75%     99.48% |         113      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1434022     66.48%     66.48% |           0      0.00%     66.48% |       45190      2.09%     68.57% |       45188      2.09%     70.67% |       45193      2.10%     72.76% |       45191      2.10%     74.86% |       45189      2.09%     76.95% |       45194      2.10%     79.05% |       45198      2.10%     81.14% |       45193      2.10%     83.24% |       45198      2.10%     85.34% |       45188      2.09%     87.43% |       45187      2.09%     89.52% |       45187      2.09%     91.62% |       45193      2.10%     93.71% |       45196      2.10%     95.81% |       45191      2.10%     97.91% |       45188      2.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2157086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           2     10.00%     20.00% |           7     35.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           7     35.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           2      9.52%     28.57% |           6     28.57%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           3     14.29%     71.43% |           6     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      248083     55.69%     55.69% |          12      0.00%     55.69% |       12336      2.77%     58.46% |       12332      2.77%     61.23% |       12337      2.77%     64.00% |       12338      2.77%     66.77% |       12332      2.77%     69.54% |       12336      2.77%     72.31% |       12337      2.77%     75.08% |       12342      2.77%     77.85% |       12335      2.77%     80.62% |       12335      2.77%     83.39% |       12332      2.77%     86.16% |       12331      2.77%     88.92% |       12331      2.77%     91.69% |       12342      2.77%     94.46% |       12336      2.77%     97.23% |       12334      2.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2      9.52%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           4     19.05%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           2      9.52%     61.90% |           7     33.33%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191753     69.06%     69.06% |           0      0.00%     69.06% |       33365      1.93%     71.00% |       33367      1.93%     72.93% |       33367      1.93%     74.86% |       33363      1.93%     76.80% |       33363      1.93%     78.73% |       33365      1.93%     80.67% |       33362      1.93%     82.60% |       33363      1.93%     84.53% |       33371      1.93%     86.47% |       33363      1.93%     88.40% |       33359      1.93%     90.33% |       33364      1.93%     92.27% |       33367      1.93%     94.20% |       33361      1.93%     96.13% |       33360      1.93%     98.07% |       33366      1.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1725579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307257     64.46%     64.46% |           0      0.00%     64.46% |       45005      2.22%     66.68% |       45013      2.22%     68.90% |       45089      2.22%     71.12% |       44952      2.22%     73.34% |       45021      2.22%     75.56% |       45004      2.22%     77.78% |       45112      2.22%     80.00% |       45050      2.22%     82.22% |       45152      2.23%     84.45% |       45065      2.22%     86.67% |       44848      2.21%     88.88% |       45106      2.22%     91.11% |       45163      2.23%     93.34% |       45062      2.22%     95.56% |       45022      2.22%     97.78% |       45068      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2027989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      250056     55.88%     55.88% |          14      0.00%     55.89% |       12336      2.76%     58.64% |       12333      2.76%     61.40% |       12337      2.76%     64.16% |       12338      2.76%     66.91% |       12334      2.76%     69.67% |       12336      2.76%     72.43% |       12338      2.76%     75.19% |       12342      2.76%     77.94% |       12339      2.76%     80.70% |       12336      2.76%     83.46% |       12332      2.76%     86.21% |       12333      2.76%     88.97% |       12338      2.76%     91.73% |       12342      2.76%     94.49% |       12337      2.76%     97.24% |       12334      2.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061826     66.54%     66.54% |           0      0.00%     66.54% |       33365      2.09%     68.64% |       33367      2.09%     70.73% |       33367      2.09%     72.82% |       33363      2.09%     74.91% |       33363      2.09%     77.00% |       33365      2.09%     79.09% |       33362      2.09%     81.18% |       33363      2.09%     83.27% |       33371      2.09%     85.36% |       33363      2.09%     87.45% |       33359      2.09%     89.55% |       33364      2.09%     91.64% |       33367      2.09%     93.73% |       33361      2.09%     95.82% |       33360      2.09%     97.91% |       33366      2.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1595652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.66%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           1      0.01%     99.67% |           2      0.02%     99.69% |           2      0.02%     99.71% |           6      0.05%     99.76% |           2      0.02%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           1      0.01%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           4      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.01%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           2      0.02%     99.85% |           7      0.06%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           4      0.04%     99.95% |           6      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         859    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4509    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          46    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1771     44.05%     44.05% |           0      0.00%     44.05% |         183      4.55%     48.61% |         173      4.30%     52.91% |         101      2.51%     55.42% |         231      5.75%     61.17% |         162      4.03%     65.20% |         185      4.60%     69.80% |          75      1.87%     71.67% |         143      3.56%     75.22% |          42      1.04%     76.27% |         121      3.01%     79.28% |         331      8.23%     87.51% |          77      1.92%     89.43% |          23      0.57%     90.00% |         129      3.21%     93.21% |         159      3.96%     97.16% |         114      2.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         4020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14575130    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14575130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5444     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           4      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2576671     99.87%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |         208      0.01%     99.88% |         211      0.01%     99.89% |         207      0.01%     99.90% |         206      0.01%     99.90% |         210      0.01%     99.91% |         208      0.01%     99.92% |         206      0.01%     99.93% |         202      0.01%     99.94% |         205      0.01%     99.94% |         208      0.01%     99.95% |         212      0.01%     99.96% |         211      0.01%     99.97% |         206      0.01%     99.98% |         202      0.01%     99.98% |         207      0.01%     99.99% |         210      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2579990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2442     92.78%     92.78% |          12      0.46%     93.24% |          15      0.57%     93.81% |           3      0.11%     93.92% |           1      0.04%     93.96% |           2      0.08%     94.03% |           8      0.30%     94.34% |          68      2.58%     96.92% |           8      0.30%     97.23% |          24      0.91%     98.14% |           1      0.04%     98.18% |           0      0.00%     98.18% |           8      0.30%     98.48% |           9      0.34%     98.82% |          13      0.49%     99.32% |           7      0.27%     99.58% |           3      0.11%     99.70% |           8      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186554     48.64%     48.64% |           0      0.00%     48.64% |       12302      3.21%     51.85% |       12327      3.21%     55.06% |       12328      3.21%     58.27% |       12316      3.21%     61.49% |       12306      3.21%     64.69% |       12264      3.20%     67.89% |       12311      3.21%     71.10% |       12316      3.21%     74.31% |       12316      3.21%     77.52% |       12317      3.21%     80.73% |       12315      3.21%     83.95% |       12319      3.21%     87.16% |       12300      3.21%     90.36% |       12317      3.21%     93.58% |       12330      3.21%     96.79% |       12312      3.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       383550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           1      5.26%     10.53% |           2     10.53%     21.05% |           6     31.58%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           3     15.79%     68.42% |           6     31.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2969283    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2969283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21117648     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         169      0.00%     99.99% |         168      0.00%     99.99% |         166      0.00%     99.99% |         173      0.00%     99.99% |         172      0.00%     99.99% |         171      0.00%     99.99% |         173      0.00%     99.99% |         172      0.00%     99.99% |         165      0.00%     99.99% |         173      0.00%    100.00% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |         171      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |         173      0.00%    100.00% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21120380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         173      7.39%      7.39% |           0      0.00%      7.39% |         168      7.18%     14.57% |         207      8.84%     23.41% |          98      4.19%     27.60% |         264     11.28%     38.87% |         153      6.54%     45.41% |         147      6.28%     51.69% |          67      2.86%     54.55% |         119      5.08%     59.63% |          41      1.75%     61.38% |         127      5.43%     66.81% |         323     13.80%     80.61% |          68      2.90%     83.51% |          10      0.43%     83.94% |         122      5.21%     89.15% |         155      6.62%     95.77% |          99      4.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         2341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120703     68.15%     68.15% |           0      0.00%     68.15% |       32703      1.99%     70.14% |       32686      1.99%     72.13% |       32761      1.99%     74.12% |       32636      1.98%     76.10% |       32715      1.99%     78.09% |       32740      1.99%     80.08% |       32801      1.99%     82.08% |       32734      1.99%     84.07% |       32836      2.00%     86.07% |       32748      1.99%     88.06% |       32533      1.98%     90.04% |       32787      1.99%     92.03% |       32863      2.00%     94.03% |       32745      1.99%     96.02% |       32692      1.99%     98.01% |       32756      1.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1644439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           2     10.00%     20.00% |           7     35.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           7     35.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      248083     55.69%     55.69% |          12      0.00%     55.69% |       12336      2.77%     58.46% |       12332      2.77%     61.23% |       12337      2.77%     64.00% |       12338      2.77%     66.77% |       12332      2.77%     69.54% |       12336      2.77%     72.31% |       12337      2.77%     75.08% |       12342      2.77%     77.85% |       12335      2.77%     80.62% |       12335      2.77%     83.39% |       12332      2.77%     86.16% |       12331      2.77%     88.92% |       12331      2.77%     91.69% |       12342      2.77%     94.46% |       12336      2.77%     97.23% |       12334      2.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2      9.52%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           4     19.05%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           2      9.52%     61.90% |           7     33.33%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129881    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     22.41%     22.41% |           0      0.00%     22.41% |           1      1.72%     24.14% |           0      0.00%     24.14% |           1      1.72%     25.86% |           2      3.45%     29.31% |           4      6.90%     36.21% |           5      8.62%     44.83% |          10     17.24%     62.07% |           0      0.00%     62.07% |           0      0.00%     62.07% |           1      1.72%     63.79% |           8     13.79%     77.59% |           2      3.45%     81.03% |           0      0.00%     81.03% |           5      8.62%     89.66% |           6     10.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           58                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061872     66.55%     66.55% |           0      0.00%     66.55% |       33365      2.09%     68.64% |       33367      2.09%     70.73% |       33367      2.09%     72.82% |       33363      2.09%     74.91% |       33363      2.09%     77.00% |       33365      2.09%     79.09% |       33362      2.09%     81.18% |       33363      2.09%     83.27% |       33371      2.09%     85.36% |       33363      2.09%     87.46% |       33359      2.09%     89.55% |       33364      2.09%     91.64% |       33367      2.09%     93.73% |       33361      2.09%     95.82% |       33360      2.09%     97.91% |       33366      2.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1595698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1813    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     78.85%     78.85% |           0      0.00%     78.85% |           5      1.07%     79.91% |           8      1.71%     81.62% |           4      0.85%     82.48% |           8      1.71%     84.19% |           5      1.07%     85.26% |           7      1.50%     86.75% |           5      1.07%     87.82% |           6      1.28%     89.10% |           7      1.50%     90.60% |           6      1.28%     91.88% |           7      1.50%     93.38% |           8      1.71%     95.09% |           6      1.28%     96.37% |           5      1.07%     97.44% |           7      1.50%     98.93% |           5      1.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     20.93%     20.93% |          10     23.26%     44.19% |           4      9.30%     53.49% |           8     18.60%     72.09% |           3      6.98%     79.07% |           0      0.00%     79.07% |           0      0.00%     79.07% |           0      0.00%     79.07% |           4      9.30%     88.37% |           0      0.00%     88.37% |           1      2.33%     90.70% |           0      0.00%     90.70% |           3      6.98%     97.67% |           1      2.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307257     64.46%     64.46% |           0      0.00%     64.46% |       45005      2.22%     66.68% |       45004      2.22%     68.90% |       45079      2.22%     71.12% |       44948      2.22%     73.34% |       45013      2.22%     75.56% |       45001      2.22%     77.78% |       45112      2.22%     80.00% |       45050      2.22%     82.22% |       45152      2.23%     84.45% |       45061      2.22%     86.67% |       44848      2.21%     88.88% |       45105      2.22%     91.11% |       45163      2.23%     93.34% |       45059      2.22%     95.56% |       45021      2.22%     97.78% |       45068      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2027946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     20.93%     20.93% |          10     23.26%     44.19% |           4      9.30%     53.49% |           8     18.60%     72.09% |           3      6.98%     79.07% |           0      0.00%     79.07% |           0      0.00%     79.07% |           0      0.00%     79.07% |           4      9.30%     88.37% |           0      0.00%     88.37% |           1      2.33%     90.70% |           0      0.00%     90.70% |           3      6.98%     97.67% |           1      2.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3741      2.94%      6.03% |        3536      2.78%      8.81% |        3534      2.78%     11.59% |        3656      2.88%     14.47% |        4076      3.21%     17.67% |        3851      3.03%     20.70% |        3397      2.67%     23.38% |        3668      2.89%     26.26% |        5259      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.60% |        3927      3.09%     36.69% |        3666      2.88%     39.57% |        4522      3.56%     43.13% |        3960      3.12%     46.25% |        3831      3.01%     49.26% |        4269      3.36%     52.62% |        4305      3.39%     56.01% |        3751      2.95%     58.96% |        3433      2.70%     61.66% |        3175      2.50%     64.16% |        3786      2.98%     67.14% |        3594      2.83%     69.97% |        3439      2.71%     72.67% |        3753      2.95%     75.62% |        3867      3.04%     78.67% |        3357      2.64%     81.31% |        4763      3.75%     85.06% |        4098      3.22%     88.28% |        5236      4.12%     92.40% |        5172      4.07%     96.47% |        4486      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127091                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108411     24.18%     24.18% |       13898      3.10%     27.28% |       11552      2.58%     29.86% |       12345      2.75%     32.61% |       11511      2.57%     35.18% |       10987      2.45%     37.63% |        9746      2.17%     39.80% |        9740      2.17%     41.98% |       11575      2.58%     44.56% |       10344      2.31%     46.87% |       13085      2.92%     49.78% |       12121      2.70%     52.49% |       10168      2.27%     54.76% |        9934      2.22%     56.97% |        9404      2.10%     59.07% |        9734      2.17%     61.24% |       10789      2.41%     63.65% |       10128      2.26%     65.91% |       10382      2.32%     68.22% |       10721      2.39%     70.61% |       10640      2.37%     72.99% |       11085      2.47%     75.46% |       12428      2.77%     78.23% |        9977      2.23%     80.46% |       10131      2.26%     82.72% |       10778      2.40%     85.12% |       10000      2.23%     87.35% |        9747      2.17%     89.52% |       11160      2.49%     92.01% |       10213      2.28%     94.29% |       11950      2.67%     96.96% |       13641      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       448325                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66141      4.14%      4.14% |       50421      3.16%      7.30% |       47234      2.96%     10.26% |       46168      2.89%     13.16% |       46348      2.90%     16.06% |       46469      2.91%     18.97% |       45303      2.84%     21.81% |       45591      2.86%     24.67% |       47401      2.97%     27.64% |       47400      2.97%     30.61% |       47606      2.98%     33.59% |       48111      3.01%     36.61% |       46723      2.93%     39.54% |       46880      2.94%     42.48% |       47090      2.95%     45.43% |       47161      2.96%     48.38% |       48108      3.01%     51.40% |       48414      3.03%     54.43% |       49583      3.11%     57.54% |       50180      3.14%     60.68% |       50288      3.15%     63.83% |       52051      3.26%     67.10% |       51932      3.25%     70.35% |       50595      3.17%     73.52% |       50905      3.19%     76.71% |       51720      3.24%     79.95% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51725      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1595735                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172353      8.50%      8.50% |       63889      3.15%     11.65% |       58377      2.88%     14.53% |       58092      2.86%     17.39% |       57410      2.83%     20.22% |       56107      2.77%     22.99% |       54638      2.69%     25.68% |       54920      2.71%     28.39% |       58549      2.89%     31.28% |       57340      2.83%     34.11% |       60252      2.97%     37.08% |       59831      2.95%     40.03% |       56491      2.79%     42.81% |       56423      2.78%     45.60% |       56076      2.77%     48.36% |       56489      2.79%     51.15% |       58491      2.88%     54.03% |       58128      2.87%     56.90% |       59509      2.93%     59.83% |       60492      2.98%     62.82% |       60521      2.98%     65.80% |       62709      3.09%     68.89% |       63936      3.15%     72.04% |       60155      2.97%     75.01% |       60606      2.99%     78.00% |       62075      3.06%     81.06% |       60401      2.98%     84.04% |       61027      3.01%     87.05% |       63694      3.14%     90.19% |       61520      3.03%     93.22% |       69628      3.43%     96.66% |       67819      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2027948                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           2      2.82%      2.82% |           6      8.45%     11.27% |           2      2.82%     14.08% |           2      2.82%     16.90% |           4      5.63%     22.54% |           2      2.82%     25.35% |           2      2.82%     28.17% |           0      0.00%     28.17% |           2      2.82%     30.99% |           1      1.41%     32.39% |           0      0.00%     32.39% |           2      2.82%     35.21% |           2      2.82%     38.03% |           2      2.82%     40.85% |           2      2.82%     43.66% |           1      1.41%     45.07% |           2      2.82%     47.89% |           5      7.04%     54.93% |           3      4.23%     59.15% |           5      7.04%     66.20% |           3      4.23%     70.42% |           3      4.23%     74.65% |           1      1.41%     76.06% |           0      0.00%     76.06% |           0      0.00%     76.06% |           2      2.82%     78.87% |           4      5.63%     84.51% |           2      2.82%     87.32% |           1      1.41%     88.73% |           2      2.82%     91.55% |           2      2.82%     94.37% |           4      5.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51415      4.02%      4.02% |       39572      3.10%      7.12% |       39592      3.10%     10.22% |       39583      3.10%     13.31% |       39555      3.09%     16.41% |       39568      3.10%     19.50% |       39571      3.10%     22.60% |       39575      3.10%     25.70% |       39581      3.10%     28.79% |       39575      3.10%     31.89% |       39573      3.10%     34.98% |       39583      3.10%     38.08% |       39556      3.09%     41.18% |       39568      3.10%     44.27% |       39568      3.10%     47.37% |       39552      3.09%     50.46% |       39592      3.10%     53.56% |       39574      3.10%     56.65% |       39582      3.10%     59.75% |       39579      3.10%     62.85% |       39558      3.09%     65.94% |       39584      3.10%     69.04% |       39578      3.10%     72.14% |       39571      3.10%     75.23% |       39573      3.10%     78.33% |       39582      3.10%     81.42% |       39581      3.10%     84.52% |       39570      3.10%     87.62% |       39575      3.10%     90.71% |       39564      3.10%     93.81% |       39568      3.10%     96.90% |       39567      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1278185                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7819      3.36%      3.36% |        7277      3.12%      6.48% |        7267      3.12%      9.60% |        7233      3.11%     12.71% |        7282      3.13%     15.83% |        7218      3.10%     18.93% |        7240      3.11%     22.04% |        7252      3.11%     25.15% |        7317      3.14%     28.29% |        7259      3.12%     31.41% |        7327      3.15%     34.56% |        7302      3.13%     37.69% |        7366      3.16%     40.85% |        7295      3.13%     43.99% |        7323      3.14%     47.13% |        7234      3.11%     50.24% |        7262      3.12%     53.35% |        7293      3.13%     56.48% |        7307      3.14%     59.62% |        7233      3.11%     62.73% |        7238      3.11%     65.83% |        7229      3.10%     68.94% |        7208      3.09%     72.03% |        7194      3.09%     75.12% |        7300      3.13%     78.25% |        7332      3.15%     81.40% |        7255      3.11%     84.52% |        7179      3.08%     87.60% |        7228      3.10%     90.70% |        7240      3.11%     93.81% |        7201      3.09%     96.90% |        7217      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       232927                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       60350      3.91%      3.91% |       47899      3.10%      7.01% |       47907      3.10%     10.11% |       47864      3.10%     13.21% |       47883      3.10%     16.31% |       47833      3.10%     19.40% |       47859      3.10%     22.50% |       47875      3.10%     25.60% |       47946      3.10%     28.71% |       47882      3.10%     31.81% |       47947      3.10%     34.91% |       47932      3.10%     38.01% |       47970      3.11%     41.12% |       47910      3.10%     44.22% |       47938      3.10%     47.32% |       47833      3.10%     50.42% |       47901      3.10%     53.52% |       47915      3.10%     56.62% |       47936      3.10%     59.73% |       47860      3.10%     62.82% |       47844      3.10%     65.92% |       47862      3.10%     69.02% |       47834      3.10%     72.12% |       47812      3.10%     75.21% |       47920      3.10%     78.31% |       47963      3.10%     81.42% |       47885      3.10%     84.52% |       47796      3.09%     87.61% |       47850      3.10%     90.71% |       47852      3.10%     93.81% |       47818      3.10%     96.90% |       47833      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1544709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       59326      3.92%      3.92% |       46875      3.10%      7.02% |       46883      3.10%     10.12% |       46840      3.10%     13.22% |       46859      3.10%     16.32% |       46809      3.10%     19.42% |       46835      3.10%     22.52% |       46851      3.10%     25.61% |       46922      3.10%     28.72% |       46858      3.10%     31.82% |       46923      3.10%     34.92% |       46908      3.10%     38.02% |       46946      3.11%     41.13% |       46886      3.10%     44.23% |       46914      3.10%     47.33% |       46809      3.10%     50.43% |       46877      3.10%     53.53% |       46891      3.10%     56.63% |       46912      3.10%     59.73% |       46836      3.10%     62.83% |       46820      3.10%     65.93% |       46838      3.10%     69.03% |       46810      3.10%     72.12% |       46788      3.09%     75.22% |       46896      3.10%     78.32% |       46939      3.10%     81.42% |       46861      3.10%     84.52% |       46772      3.09%     87.61% |       46826      3.10%     90.71% |       46828      3.10%     93.81% |       46794      3.09%     96.90% |       46809      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1511941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         116      4.86%      4.86% |          57      2.39%      7.25% |          65      2.73%      9.98% |          62      2.60%     12.58% |          86      3.61%     16.18% |          83      3.48%     19.66% |          63      2.64%     22.31% |          66      2.77%     25.07% |          69      2.89%     27.97% |          66      2.77%     30.73% |          70      2.94%     33.67% |          68      2.85%     36.52% |          66      2.77%     39.29% |          63      2.64%     41.93% |          65      2.73%     44.65% |          67      2.81%     47.46% |          70      2.94%     50.40% |          77      3.23%     53.63% |          78      3.27%     56.90% |          75      3.14%     60.04% |          76      3.19%     63.23% |          79      3.31%     66.54% |          79      3.31%     69.85% |          79      3.31%     73.17% |          83      3.48%     76.65% |          79      3.31%     79.96% |          78      3.27%     83.23% |          80      3.35%     86.58% |          81      3.40%     89.98% |          79      3.31%     93.29% |          83      3.48%     96.77% |          77      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2385                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          20    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         663      3.44%      3.44% |         568      2.95%      6.39% |         547      2.84%      9.23% |         545      2.83%     12.06% |         588      3.05%     15.12% |         549      2.85%     17.97% |         584      3.03%     21.00% |         607      3.15%     24.15% |         644      3.34%     27.49% |         564      2.93%     30.42% |         631      3.28%     33.70% |         641      3.33%     37.03% |         696      3.61%     40.64% |         633      3.29%     43.93% |         658      3.42%     47.34% |         600      3.12%     50.46% |         609      3.16%     53.62% |         645      3.35%     56.97% |         638      3.31%     60.28% |         584      3.03%     63.32% |         577      3.00%     66.31% |         593      3.08%     69.39% |         560      2.91%     72.30% |         547      2.84%     75.14% |         629      3.27%     78.40% |         677      3.52%     81.92% |         621      3.22%     85.14% |         561      2.91%     88.06% |         576      2.99%     91.05% |         593      3.08%     94.13% |         574      2.98%     97.11% |         557      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        19259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      172870      8.47%      8.47% |       64297      3.15%     11.62% |       58780      2.88%     14.50% |       58492      2.87%     17.36% |       57829      2.83%     20.20% |       56526      2.77%     22.97% |       55035      2.70%     25.66% |       55323      2.71%     28.37% |       58971      2.89%     31.26% |       57740      2.83%     34.09% |       60674      2.97%     37.06% |       60229      2.95%     40.01% |       56889      2.79%     42.80% |       56812      2.78%     45.58% |       56475      2.77%     48.35% |       56890      2.79%     51.14% |       58895      2.89%     54.02% |       58536      2.87%     56.89% |       59916      2.94%     59.83% |       60901      2.98%     62.81% |       60928      2.98%     65.80% |       63118      3.09%     68.89% |       64350      3.15%     72.04% |       60569      2.97%     75.01% |       61026      2.99%     78.00% |       62493      3.06%     81.06% |       60821      2.98%     84.04% |       61444      3.01%     87.05% |       64117      3.14%     90.19% |       61938      3.03%     93.22% |       70051      3.43%     96.66% |       68240      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         471      2.83%      6.10% |         464      2.79%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         512      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.80%     17.58% |         504      3.03%     20.61% |         528      3.18%     23.79% |         547      3.29%     27.08% |         487      2.93%     30.01% |         533      3.21%     33.22% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.72% |         579      3.49%     47.21% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.56% |         569      3.42%     56.98% |         562      3.38%     60.36% |         510      3.07%     63.43% |         504      3.03%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.30% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.15% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.24% |         489      2.94%     91.18% |         510      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16614                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       19049      8.05%      8.05% |        7099      3.00%     11.05% |        7102      3.00%     14.05% |        7052      2.98%     17.03% |        7020      2.97%     19.99% |        7005      2.96%     22.95% |        7016      2.96%     25.92% |        7011      2.96%     28.88% |        7050      2.98%     31.86% |        7051      2.98%     34.83% |        7085      2.99%     37.83% |        7008      2.96%     40.79% |        7013      2.96%     43.75% |        7011      2.96%     46.71% |        7018      2.96%     49.68% |        6980      2.95%     52.63% |        7017      2.96%     55.59% |        6995      2.96%     58.55% |        7025      2.97%     61.51% |        7005      2.96%     64.47% |        7000      2.96%     67.43% |        6988      2.95%     70.38% |        7015      2.96%     73.35% |        7003      2.96%     76.31% |        7027      2.97%     79.27% |        7026      2.97%     82.24% |        7004      2.96%     85.20% |        6981      2.95%     88.15% |        7025      2.97%     91.12% |        7005      2.96%     94.08% |        6979      2.95%     97.03% |        7037      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       236702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40759      3.16%      3.16% |       40329      3.12%      6.28% |       40341      3.12%      9.40% |       40347      3.12%     12.53% |       40352      3.12%     15.65% |       40362      3.13%     18.78% |       40339      3.12%     21.90% |       40336      3.12%     25.02% |       40349      3.12%     28.15% |       40344      3.12%     31.27% |       40329      3.12%     34.40% |       40358      3.13%     37.52% |       40339      3.12%     40.64% |       40338      3.12%     43.77% |       40341      3.12%     46.89% |       40330      3.12%     50.02% |       40352      3.12%     53.14% |       40351      3.12%     56.26% |       40349      3.12%     59.39% |       40345      3.12%     62.51% |       40340      3.12%     65.64% |       40354      3.12%     68.76% |       40339      3.12%     71.89% |       40341      3.12%     75.01% |       40347      3.12%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.26% |       40349      3.12%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.51% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.12%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291394                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           3      9.38%     12.50% |           1      3.12%     15.62% |           1      3.12%     18.75% |           2      6.25%     25.00% |           1      3.12%     28.12% |           1      3.12%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           1      3.12%     34.38% |           1      3.12%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1      3.12%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           0      0.00%     46.88% |           1      3.12%     50.00% |           2      6.25%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           1      3.12%     71.88% |           0      0.00%     71.88% |           0      0.00%     71.88% |           0      0.00%     71.88% |           1      3.12%     75.00% |           2      6.25%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           1      3.12%     87.50% |           1      3.12%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           2      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         561      3.38%      3.38% |         470      2.83%      6.21% |         464      2.79%      9.00% |         465      2.80%     11.80% |         510      3.07%     14.87% |         467      2.81%     17.68% |         506      3.05%     20.72% |         528      3.18%     23.90% |         546      3.29%     27.19% |         484      2.91%     30.10% |         534      3.21%     33.32% |         566      3.41%     36.72% |         618      3.72%     40.44% |         561      3.38%     43.82% |         577      3.47%     47.29% |         521      3.14%     50.43% |         530      3.19%     53.62% |         568      3.42%     57.04% |         563      3.39%     60.43% |         506      3.05%     63.47% |         503      3.03%     66.50% |         519      3.12%     69.63% |         482      2.90%     72.53% |         469      2.82%     75.35% |         547      3.29%     78.64% |         591      3.56%     82.20% |         533      3.21%     85.41% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         486      2.93%     91.21% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       87681     42.00%     42.00% |        6777      3.25%     45.25% |        4444      2.13%     47.38% |        5268      2.52%     49.90% |        4479      2.15%     52.05% |        3067      1.47%     53.51% |        2716      1.30%     54.82% |        2721      1.30%     56.12% |        4520      2.17%     58.28% |        3289      1.58%     59.86% |        5983      2.87%     62.73% |        5110      2.45%     65.17% |        3153      1.51%     66.68% |        2921      1.40%     68.08% |        2364      1.13%     69.22% |        2749      1.32%     70.53% |        3770      1.81%     72.34% |        3127      1.50%     73.84% |        3304      1.58%     75.42% |        3716      1.78%     77.20% |        3640      1.74%     78.94% |        4079      1.95%     80.90% |        5403      2.59%     83.48% |        2971      1.42%     84.91% |        3094      1.48%     86.39% |        3747      1.79%     88.18% |        2994      1.43%     89.62% |        2761      1.32%     90.94% |        4133      1.98%     92.92% |        3207      1.54%     94.46% |        4969      2.38%     96.84% |        6602      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       208759                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       25357      8.33%      8.33% |       10086      3.31%     11.65% |        6891      2.26%     13.91% |        5819      1.91%     15.83% |        5977      1.96%     17.79% |        6092      2.00%     19.79% |        4963      1.63%     21.42% |        5255      1.73%     23.15% |        7052      2.32%     25.47% |        7055      2.32%     27.79% |        7276      2.39%     30.18% |        7753      2.55%     32.73% |        6380      2.10%     34.82% |        6542      2.15%     36.97% |        6749      2.22%     39.19% |        6831      2.25%     41.44% |        7756      2.55%     43.99% |        8063      2.65%     46.64% |        9229      3.03%     49.67% |        9835      3.23%     52.90% |        9948      3.27%     56.17% |       11697      3.84%     60.02% |       11593      3.81%     63.83% |       10254      3.37%     67.20% |       10557      3.47%     70.67% |       11373      3.74%     74.41% |       10473      3.44%     77.85% |       11365      3.74%     81.58% |       12623      4.15%     85.73% |       11388      3.74%     89.47% |       17753      5.83%     95.31% |       14270      4.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       304255                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51413      4.02%      4.02% |       39566      3.10%      7.12% |       39586      3.10%     10.22% |       39578      3.10%     13.31% |       39554      3.09%     16.41% |       39563      3.10%     19.50% |       39569      3.10%     22.60% |       39571      3.10%     25.69% |       39579      3.10%     28.79% |       39573      3.10%     31.89% |       39569      3.10%     34.98% |       39582      3.10%     38.08% |       39555      3.09%     41.17% |       39567      3.10%     44.27% |       39566      3.10%     47.37% |       39551      3.09%     50.46% |       39591      3.10%     53.56% |       39573      3.10%     56.65% |       39580      3.10%     59.75% |       39579      3.10%     62.85% |       39558      3.10%     65.94% |       39582      3.10%     69.04% |       39576      3.10%     72.14% |       39569      3.10%     75.23% |       39571      3.10%     78.33% |       39581      3.10%     81.42% |       39578      3.10%     84.52% |       39568      3.10%     87.62% |       39572      3.10%     90.71% |       39562      3.10%     93.81% |       39566      3.10%     96.90% |       39566      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1278114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        7095      3.36%      3.36% |        6658      3.15%      6.51% |        6661      3.15%      9.66% |        6631      3.14%     12.79% |        6609      3.13%     15.92% |        6592      3.12%     19.04% |        6595      3.12%     22.16% |        6583      3.11%     25.27% |        6606      3.12%     28.40% |        6631      3.14%     31.53% |        6630      3.14%     34.67% |        6594      3.12%     37.79% |        6605      3.12%     40.91% |        6600      3.12%     44.03% |        6602      3.12%     47.16% |        6568      3.11%     50.26% |        6584      3.11%     53.38% |        6572      3.11%     56.49% |        6593      3.12%     59.60% |        6574      3.11%     62.71% |        6585      3.11%     65.83% |        6559      3.10%     68.93% |        6571      3.11%     72.04% |        6570      3.11%     75.15% |        6590      3.12%     78.26% |        6577      3.11%     81.38% |        6559      3.10%     84.48% |        6540      3.09%     87.57% |        6575      3.11%     90.68% |        6570      3.11%     93.79% |        6546      3.10%     96.89% |        6584      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211409                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          20    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172351      8.50%      8.50% |       63889      3.15%     11.65% |       58377      2.88%     14.53% |       58092      2.86%     17.39% |       57410      2.83%     20.22% |       56107      2.77%     22.99% |       54638      2.69%     25.68% |       54920      2.71%     28.39% |       58549      2.89%     31.28% |       57340      2.83%     34.11% |       60252      2.97%     37.08% |       59831      2.95%     40.03% |       56491      2.79%     42.81% |       56423      2.78%     45.60% |       56076      2.77%     48.36% |       56489      2.79%     51.15% |       58491      2.88%     54.03% |       58128      2.87%     56.90% |       59509      2.93%     59.83% |       60492      2.98%     62.82% |       60521      2.98%     65.80% |       62709      3.09%     68.89% |       63936      3.15%     72.04% |       60155      2.97%     75.01% |       60606      2.99%     78.00% |       62075      3.06%     81.06% |       60401      2.98%     84.04% |       61027      3.01%     87.05% |       63694      3.14%     90.19% |       61520      3.03%     93.22% |       69628      3.43%     96.66% |       67819      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2027946                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.51%      3.51% |           2      3.51%      7.02% |           5      8.77%     15.79% |           4      7.02%     22.81% |           1      1.75%     24.56% |           3      5.26%     29.82% |           2      3.51%     33.33% |           4      7.02%     40.35% |           2      3.51%     43.86% |           1      1.75%     45.61% |           3      5.26%     50.88% |           1      1.75%     52.63% |           1      1.75%     54.39% |           1      1.75%     56.14% |           1      1.75%     57.89% |           1      1.75%     59.65% |           1      1.75%     61.40% |           1      1.75%     63.16% |           1      1.75%     64.91% |           0      0.00%     64.91% |           0      0.00%     64.91% |           2      3.51%     68.42% |           2      3.51%     71.93% |           2      3.51%     75.44% |           1      1.75%     77.19% |           1      1.75%     78.95% |           3      5.26%     84.21% |           2      3.51%     87.72% |           2      3.51%     91.23% |           2      3.51%     94.74% |           2      3.51%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         163      3.32%      3.32% |         149      3.04%      6.36% |         142      2.90%      9.26% |         137      2.79%     12.05% |         163      3.32%     15.37% |         159      3.24%     18.61% |         139      2.83%     21.45% |         141      2.87%     24.32% |         165      3.36%     27.69% |         144      2.94%     30.62% |         163      3.32%     33.94% |         142      2.90%     36.84% |         143      2.92%     39.76% |         134      2.73%     42.49% |         144      2.94%     45.42% |         145      2.96%     48.38% |         148      3.02%     51.40% |         153      3.12%     54.52% |         151      3.08%     57.59% |         153      3.12%     60.71% |         150      3.06%     63.77% |         151      3.08%     66.85% |         155      3.16%     70.01% |         155      3.16%     73.17% |         163      3.32%     76.49% |         164      3.34%     79.84% |         163      3.32%     83.16% |         162      3.30%     86.46% |         167      3.40%     89.87% |         162      3.30%     93.17% |         168      3.43%     96.60% |         167      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         4905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     20.51%     20.51% |           0      0.00%     20.51% |           0      0.00%     20.51% |           0      0.00%     20.51% |           9     23.08%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |          13     33.33%     76.92% |           2      5.13%     82.05% |           7     17.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           39                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           3     33.33%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |          16     84.21%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           2     18.18%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           1      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           1      9.09%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       59326      3.92%      3.92% |       46875      3.10%      7.02% |       46883      3.10%     10.12% |       46840      3.10%     13.22% |       46859      3.10%     16.32% |       46809      3.10%     19.42% |       46835      3.10%     22.52% |       46851      3.10%     25.61% |       46922      3.10%     28.72% |       46858      3.10%     31.82% |       46923      3.10%     34.92% |       46908      3.10%     38.02% |       46946      3.11%     41.13% |       46886      3.10%     44.23% |       46914      3.10%     47.33% |       46809      3.10%     50.43% |       46877      3.10%     53.53% |       46891      3.10%     56.63% |       46912      3.10%     59.73% |       46836      3.10%     62.83% |       46820      3.10%     65.93% |       46838      3.10%     69.03% |       46810      3.10%     72.12% |       46788      3.09%     75.22% |       46896      3.10%     78.32% |       46939      3.10%     81.42% |       46861      3.10%     84.52% |       46772      3.09%     87.61% |       46826      3.10%     90.71% |       46828      3.10%     93.81% |       46794      3.09%     96.90% |       46809      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1511941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     68.83%     68.83% |           0      0.00%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           1      1.30%     72.73% |           1      1.30%     74.03% |           1      1.30%     75.32% |           1      1.30%     76.62% |           1      1.30%     77.92% |           0      0.00%     77.92% |           0      0.00%     77.92% |           1      1.30%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           1      1.30%     83.12% |           1      1.30%     84.42% |           1      1.30%     85.71% |           1      1.30%     87.01% |           2      2.60%     89.61% |           2      2.60%     92.21% |           2      2.60%     94.81% |           2      2.60%     97.40% |           2      2.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.82%      8.82% |           2      5.88%     14.71% |           3      8.82%     23.53% |           3      8.82%     32.35% |           0      0.00%     32.35% |           2      5.88%     38.24% |           1      2.94%     41.18% |           3      8.82%     50.00% |           2      5.88%     55.88% |           1      2.94%     58.82% |           2      5.88%     64.71% |           1      2.94%     67.65% |           1      2.94%     70.59% |           1      2.94%     73.53% |           1      2.94%     76.47% |           1      2.94%     79.41% |           1      2.94%     82.35% |           1      2.94%     85.29% |           1      2.94%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           1      2.94%     91.18% |           1      2.94%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           1      2.94%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           1      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           34                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     20.00%     20.00% |          12     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     10.71%     10.71% |           1      3.57%     14.29% |           1      3.57%     17.86% |           2      7.14%     25.00% |           1      3.57%     28.57% |           1      3.57%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           1      3.57%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           1      3.57%     39.29% |           1      3.57%     42.86% |           1      3.57%     46.43% |           0      0.00%     46.43% |           1      3.57%     50.00% |           2      7.14%     57.14% |           1      3.57%     60.71% |           1      3.57%     64.29% |           1      3.57%     67.86% |           1      3.57%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      3.57%     75.00% |           2      7.14%     82.14% |           1      3.57%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      3.57%     89.29% |           1      3.57%     92.86% |           2      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          63      2.73%      2.73% |          57      2.47%      5.20% |          63      2.73%      7.94% |          61      2.65%     10.58% |          85      3.69%     14.27% |          81      3.51%     17.78% |          62      2.69%     20.47% |          65      2.82%     23.29% |          69      2.99%     26.28% |          66      2.86%     29.14% |          69      2.99%     32.13% |          68      2.95%     35.08% |          66      2.86%     37.94% |          63      2.73%     40.68% |          65      2.82%     43.50% |          67      2.91%     46.40% |          70      3.04%     49.44% |          77      3.34%     52.78% |          78      3.38%     56.16% |          75      3.25%     59.41% |          76      3.30%     62.71% |          77      3.34%     66.05% |          78      3.38%     69.43% |          78      3.38%     72.81% |          82      3.56%     76.37% |          78      3.38%     79.75% |          76      3.30%     83.04% |          78      3.38%     86.43% |          78      3.38%     89.81% |          77      3.34%     93.15% |          81      3.51%     96.66% |          77      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         2306                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          99      3.81%      3.81% |          92      3.54%      7.35% |          79      3.04%     10.39% |          76      2.93%     13.32% |          78      3.00%     16.32% |          78      3.00%     19.32% |          77      2.96%     22.29% |          76      2.93%     25.21% |          96      3.70%     28.91% |          78      3.00%     31.91% |          94      3.62%     35.53% |          74      2.85%     38.38% |          77      2.96%     41.34% |          71      2.73%     44.07% |          79      3.04%     47.11% |          78      3.00%     50.12% |          78      3.00%     53.12% |          76      2.93%     56.04% |          73      2.81%     58.85% |          78      3.00%     61.86% |          74      2.85%     64.70% |          74      2.85%     67.55% |          77      2.96%     70.52% |          77      2.96%     73.48% |          81      3.12%     76.60% |          86      3.31%     79.91% |          87      3.35%     83.26% |          84      3.23%     86.49% |          89      3.43%     89.92% |          85      3.27%     93.19% |          87      3.35%     96.54% |          90      3.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2598                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         561      3.38%      3.38% |         470      2.83%      6.21% |         464      2.79%      9.00% |         465      2.80%     11.80% |         510      3.07%     14.87% |         467      2.81%     17.68% |         506      3.05%     20.72% |         528      3.18%     23.90% |         546      3.29%     27.19% |         484      2.91%     30.10% |         534      3.21%     33.32% |         566      3.41%     36.72% |         618      3.72%     40.44% |         561      3.38%     43.82% |         577      3.47%     47.29% |         521      3.14%     50.43% |         530      3.19%     53.62% |         568      3.42%     57.04% |         563      3.39%     60.43% |         506      3.05%     63.47% |         503      3.03%     66.50% |         519      3.12%     69.63% |         482      2.90%     72.53% |         469      2.82%     75.35% |         547      3.29%     78.64% |         591      3.56%     82.20% |         533      3.21%     85.41% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         486      2.93%     91.21% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       19049      8.05%      8.05% |        7099      3.00%     11.05% |        7102      3.00%     14.05% |        7052      2.98%     17.03% |        7020      2.97%     19.99% |        7005      2.96%     22.95% |        7016      2.96%     25.92% |        7011      2.96%     28.88% |        7050      2.98%     31.86% |        7051      2.98%     34.83% |        7085      2.99%     37.83% |        7008      2.96%     40.79% |        7013      2.96%     43.75% |        7011      2.96%     46.71% |        7018      2.96%     49.68% |        6980      2.95%     52.63% |        7017      2.96%     55.59% |        6995      2.96%     58.55% |        7025      2.97%     61.51% |        7005      2.96%     64.47% |        7000      2.96%     67.43% |        6988      2.95%     70.38% |        7015      2.96%     73.35% |        7003      2.96%     76.31% |        7027      2.97%     79.27% |        7026      2.97%     82.24% |        7004      2.96%     85.20% |        6981      2.95%     88.15% |        7025      2.97%     91.12% |        7005      2.96%     94.08% |        6979      2.95%     97.03% |        7037      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       236702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         471      2.84%      6.10% |         464      2.79%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         511      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.81%     17.57% |         504      3.03%     20.60% |         528      3.18%     23.78% |         547      3.29%     27.08% |         487      2.93%     30.01% |         533      3.21%     33.21% |         566      3.41%     36.62% |         618      3.72%     40.34% |         561      3.38%     43.72% |         579      3.49%     47.20% |         523      3.15%     50.35% |         532      3.20%     53.55% |         569      3.43%     56.98% |         562      3.38%     60.36% |         510      3.07%     63.43% |         504      3.03%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.30% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.15% |         532      3.20%     85.35% |         479      2.88%     88.24% |         489      2.94%     91.18% |         510      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40759      3.16%      3.16% |       40329      3.12%      6.28% |       40341      3.12%      9.40% |       40347      3.12%     12.53% |       40352      3.12%     15.65% |       40362      3.13%     18.78% |       40339      3.12%     21.90% |       40336      3.12%     25.02% |       40349      3.12%     28.15% |       40344      3.12%     31.27% |       40329      3.12%     34.40% |       40358      3.13%     37.52% |       40339      3.12%     40.64% |       40338      3.12%     43.77% |       40341      3.12%     46.89% |       40330      3.12%     50.02% |       40352      3.12%     53.14% |       40351      3.12%     56.26% |       40349      3.12%     59.39% |       40345      3.12%     62.51% |       40340      3.12%     65.64% |       40354      3.12%     68.76% |       40339      3.12%     71.89% |       40341      3.12%     75.01% |       40347      3.12%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.26% |       40349      3.12%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.51% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.12%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291394                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      172866      8.47%      8.47% |       64291      3.15%     11.62% |       58778      2.88%     14.50% |       58486      2.87%     17.36% |       57828      2.83%     20.20% |       56526      2.77%     22.97% |       55034      2.70%     25.66% |       55323      2.71%     28.37% |       58971      2.89%     31.26% |       57739      2.83%     34.09% |       60673      2.97%     37.06% |       60229      2.95%     40.01% |       56885      2.79%     42.80% |       56812      2.78%     45.58% |       56472      2.77%     48.35% |       56890      2.79%     51.14% |       58895      2.89%     54.02% |       58536      2.87%     56.89% |       59907      2.93%     59.83% |       60901      2.98%     62.81% |       60928      2.99%     65.80% |       63118      3.09%     68.89% |       64350      3.15%     72.04% |       60569      2.97%     75.01% |       61025      2.99%     78.00% |       62491      3.06%     81.06% |       60820      2.98%     84.04% |       61443      3.01%     87.05% |       64117      3.14%     90.19% |       61937      3.03%     93.22% |       70050      3.43%     96.66% |       68240      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041130                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      136492     21.90%     21.90% |      311696     50.00%     71.90% |       11212      1.80%     73.69% |       11614      1.86%     75.56% |       11231      1.80%     77.36% |       11651      1.87%     79.23% |       11183      1.79%     81.02% |       11630      1.87%     82.89% |       10473      1.68%     84.57% |       10901      1.75%     86.32% |       10477      1.68%     88.00% |       10734      1.72%     89.72% |       11008      1.77%     91.48% |       10743      1.72%     93.21% |       10021      1.61%     94.81% |       10477      1.68%     96.50% |       10691      1.71%     98.21% |       11158      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       623392                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      136492     21.90%     21.90% |      311696     50.00%     71.90% |       11212      1.80%     73.69% |       11614      1.86%     75.56% |       11231      1.80%     77.36% |       11651      1.87%     79.23% |       11183      1.79%     81.02% |       11630      1.87%     82.89% |       10473      1.68%     84.57% |       10901      1.75%     86.32% |       10477      1.68%     88.00% |       10734      1.72%     89.72% |       11008      1.77%     91.48% |       10743      1.72%     93.21% |       10021      1.61%     94.81% |       10477      1.68%     96.50% |       10691      1.71%     98.21% |       11158      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       623392                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      136492     21.90%     21.90% |      311696     50.00%     71.90% |       11212      1.80%     73.69% |       11614      1.86%     75.56% |       11231      1.80%     77.36% |       11651      1.87%     79.23% |       11183      1.79%     81.02% |       11630      1.87%     82.89% |       10473      1.68%     84.57% |       10901      1.75%     86.32% |       10477      1.68%     88.00% |       10734      1.72%     89.72% |       11008      1.77%     91.48% |       10743      1.72%     93.21% |       10021      1.61%     94.81% |       10477      1.68%     96.50% |       10691      1.71%     98.21% |       11158      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       623392                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      136492     21.90%     21.90% |      311696     50.00%     71.90% |       11212      1.80%     73.69% |       11614      1.86%     75.56% |       11231      1.80%     77.36% |       11651      1.87%     79.23% |       11183      1.79%     81.02% |       11630      1.87%     82.89% |       10473      1.68%     84.57% |       10901      1.75%     86.32% |       10477      1.68%     88.00% |       10734      1.72%     89.72% |       11008      1.77%     91.48% |       10743      1.72%     93.21% |       10021      1.61%     94.81% |       10477      1.68%     96.50% |       10691      1.71%     98.21% |       11158      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       623392                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
