
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.127535                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                127535188500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5303703267000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  45834                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    79565                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               90924799                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                9459456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1402.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64289286                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     111601658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     41477376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          41477376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19550912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19550912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       648084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             648084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       305483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            305483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    325222995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            325222995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    153298178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           153298178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    478521173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           478521173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     648084                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    305483                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   648084                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  305483                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              41463680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  13696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19550848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               41477376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19550912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            40537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            40625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            40293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            40700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            40175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            40342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            41353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            40860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            40124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            40280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           40814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           39877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           40077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           40953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           40780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            19134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            19279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            19054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           18962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           18911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           18944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      978                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     5262                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 127534659000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               648084                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              305483                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 246191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  84291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  68993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  57868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  46203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  35716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  27266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  19939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  13786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  10256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  7779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  5883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  4512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  1169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  49866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  54370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  56579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  58295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  59137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  10537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   6961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       285241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.902265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.283056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   157.474162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        83727     29.35%     29.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        86879     30.46%     59.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72825     25.53%     85.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19678      6.90%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16501      5.78%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2592      0.91%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1541      0.54%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1005      0.35%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          493      0.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       285241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.821980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.270014                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        50142     99.24%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          247      0.49%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           59      0.12%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           35      0.07%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           16      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            9      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        50528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.045796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.771202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.256969                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          42687     84.48%     84.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5517     10.92%     95.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1470      2.91%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          854      1.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        50528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 28712048789                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            40859611289                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3239350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    44317.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               63067.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      325.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      153.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   325.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   153.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  487592                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 180508                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    133744.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20293568000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4258540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   102979364000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1084361040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1072008000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              591665250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              584925000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2534040600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2519166000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            992930400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            986560560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8329704240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8329704240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        54599718600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        54119695095                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28624259250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        29045332500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          96756679380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          96657391395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          758.689971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          757.911432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     40912896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          40912896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     18987136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       18987136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       639264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             639264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       296674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            296674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    320796923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            320796923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    148877625                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           148877625                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    469674548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           469674548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     639264                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    296674                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   639264                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  296674                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              40899200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  13696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               18987136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               40912896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            18987136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            40009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            40111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            39798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            40016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            39698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            39777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            41023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            40372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            39515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            39766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           39490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           40133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           39365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           39530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           40263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           40184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            18517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            18560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            18494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            18603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            18798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            18777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            18412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            18556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           18358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           18428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           18611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           18529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      816                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     5357                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 127534436500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               639264                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              296674                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 238728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  82964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  67930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  57497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  46144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  36137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  27491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  20025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  13717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  10382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  7943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  6070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  4636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  48162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  52611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  54718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  56407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  57318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  10723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   6940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   9795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       271511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.564058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   169.521938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   159.964435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        77118     28.40%     28.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        79392     29.24%     57.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72654     26.76%     84.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19941      7.34%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16637      6.13%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2601      0.96%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1617      0.60%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1072      0.39%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          479      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       271511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48817                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.090727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.520335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48419     99.18%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          256      0.52%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           66      0.14%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           32      0.07%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           15      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            8      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48817                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48817                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.077268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.793887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.295471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          41014     84.02%     84.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5448     11.16%     95.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1490      3.05%     98.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          865      1.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48817                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 28356221071                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            40338408571                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3195250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    44372.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               63122.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      320.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      148.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   320.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   148.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  484624                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 179581                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               60.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    136263.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20789239250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4258540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   102483920750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1033429320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1019125800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              563875125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              556070625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2502216600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2482201800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            964865520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            957517200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8329704240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8329704240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        53384596020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        53155627875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29690156250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29891005500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          96468843075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          96391253040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          756.432984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          755.824584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     40876672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          40876672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     18974656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       18974656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       638698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             638698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       296479                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            296479                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    320512891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            320512891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    148779770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           148779770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    469292661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           469292661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     638698                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    296479                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   638698                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  296479                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              40868288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   8384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               18974528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               40876672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            18974656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   131                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            39981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            40136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            39777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            40033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            39703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            39653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            40911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            40340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            39546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            39703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           39535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           40084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           39367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           39370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           40280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           40148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            18539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            18506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            18579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            18553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            18513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            18537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            18727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            18773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            18441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            18515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           18484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           18380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           18576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           18561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     1143                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     5830                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 127535145500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               638698                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              296479                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 240003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  83059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  67986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  56674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  46262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  36157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  27426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  19755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  13483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  10298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  7789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  6059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  4467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  1325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  48141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  52560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  54530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  55985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  56638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  10779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   7337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  10509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       270626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.124770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.248386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   159.768737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        75917     28.05%     28.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        79636     29.43%     57.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72928     26.95%     84.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19736      7.29%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16681      6.16%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2589      0.96%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1554      0.57%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1083      0.40%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          502      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       270626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.079761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.848464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48426     99.19%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          247      0.51%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           68      0.14%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           30      0.06%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           19      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            8      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48820                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.072798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.789953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.294966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          41060     84.10%     84.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5420     11.10%     95.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1458      2.99%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          882      1.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48820                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 28179023067                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            40152154317                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3192835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    44128.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               62878.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      320.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      148.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   320.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   148.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        3.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  484520                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 179891                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               60.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    136375.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   71.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20921729250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4258540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   102350993250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1028318760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1017560880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              561086625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              555216750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2500134000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2480571600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            963725040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            957394080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8329704240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8329704240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        53621873910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        53115021360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29482017750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29926625250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          96486860325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          96382094160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          756.574261                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          755.752767                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     40893312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          40893312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     18982464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       18982464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       638958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             638958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       296601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            296601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    320643365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            320643365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    148840992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           148840992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    469484357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           469484357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     638959                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    296601                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   638959                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  296601                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              40883904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   9472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               18982208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               40893376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            18982464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            40018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            40058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            39775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            40067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            39655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            39705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            40910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            40329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            39621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            39585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           39687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           40002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           39408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           39407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           40407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           40177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            18576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            18475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            18620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            18588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            18502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            18563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            18732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            18727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            18487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            18465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           18515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           18400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           18389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           18612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           18476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     1056                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     5148                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 127534441500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               638959                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              296601                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 240300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  83843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  69123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  57770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  46414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  35973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  26985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  19442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  13354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   9778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  7260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  5650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  1204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  48363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  52927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  54975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  56811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  57274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  10081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   6749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   9421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       270328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.454944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.298097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   160.286910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        76260     28.21%     28.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        78907     29.19%     57.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72785     26.92%     84.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19942      7.38%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16622      6.15%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2595      0.96%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1604      0.59%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1113      0.41%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          500      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       270328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.039294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.855285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48608     99.22%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          241      0.49%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           60      0.12%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           34      0.07%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           16      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           11      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.054236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.779207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.257382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          41290     84.28%     84.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5492     11.21%     95.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1370      2.80%     98.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          838      1.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 28054332584                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            40032038834                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3194055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    43916.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               62666.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      320.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      148.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   320.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   148.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        3.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.45                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  484529                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 180548                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               60.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    136318.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20352305250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4258540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   102920523750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1027343520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1016328600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              560554500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              554544375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2500009200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2482607400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            964113840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            957834720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8329704240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8329704240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        53357961915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        52902322155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29713519500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30113203500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          96453206715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          96356544990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          756.310376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          755.552431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1481                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1481                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               254                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              254                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4534                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              547540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              134540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1993500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               26659941                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 45.122047                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.636336                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                68.132648                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    25180211     94.45%     94.45% |      769427      2.89%     97.34% |      419570      1.57%     98.91% |      200940      0.75%     99.66% |       46777      0.18%     99.84% |       30611      0.11%     99.95% |       11142      0.04%    100.00% |        1261      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 26659941                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     49294161                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.281968                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.749279                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.696496                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    45180694     91.66%     91.66% |     2085148      4.23%     95.89% |      826202      1.68%     97.56% |      673068      1.37%     98.93% |      308428      0.63%     99.55% |      124129      0.25%     99.80% |       46799      0.09%     99.90% |       37430      0.08%     99.98% |       12263      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      49294161                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            49294159                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              26.750429                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.398131                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             98.345681                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    49248859     99.91%     99.91% |       43921      0.09%    100.00% |        1097      0.00%    100.00% |         204      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              49294159                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        44808437                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000259                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000209                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.021080                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    44799341     99.98%     99.98% |        8468      0.02%    100.00% |         542      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          44808437                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4485722                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        263.993839                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       200.737366                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       210.633368                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4440422     98.99%     98.99% |       43921      0.98%     99.97% |        1097      0.02%     99.99% |         204      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4485722                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses        1568165                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses      1568165                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           13                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     33177291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       898181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     34075472                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     11626777                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     11753439                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      2391911                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        38448                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       701438                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2038494                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        64000                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432525                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       205478                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          573                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432579                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       205600                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          574                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432578                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       205526                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432689                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       205701                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432616                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       205916                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432639                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       205980                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          521                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       205920                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432590                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       205928                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       136206                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        91354                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227560                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        54884                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        82291                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137175                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        55238                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        82716                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137954                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        54074                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        82702                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136776                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        52472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        82987                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135459                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        53771                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        82883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136654                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        52002                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        82799                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        52184                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        82697                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134881                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        53664                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        82611                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136275                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        53766                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        82456                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136222                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        53612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        82355                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135967                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        53468                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        82410                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135878                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        53210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        82372                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135582                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        53187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        82559                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        68250                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        82792                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       151042                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        61782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        82580                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        52610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        82491                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       135101                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        53302                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        82463                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135765                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        53688                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        82481                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        52922                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        82318                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135240                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        54121                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        82431                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136552                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        54532                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        82562                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       137094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        54834                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        82658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        55319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        82447                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137766                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        58332                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        82533                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140865                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        64919                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        82568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147487                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        53187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        82611                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        53321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        82600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135921                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        52740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        82588                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135328                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        51797                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        82611                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        52473                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        82619                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       135092                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        54791                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        82521                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137312                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles       320135                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     28112069                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     28112069                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     28851772                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     28112069                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     14981145                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     14882753                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     28112069                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.110213                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     20976288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     20976288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     21939838                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     20976288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity     13306314                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity     13103420                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     20976288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.082237                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     15497713                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     15497713                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16181583                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15497713                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7249740                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7184189                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     15497713                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.060759                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14625873                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14625873                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15328304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14625873                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7018656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6958961                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14625873                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.057341                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     15455583                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     15455583                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16189715                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15455583                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8287940                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8183647                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     15455583                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.060593                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     14425738                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     14425738                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15277533                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14425738                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7414519                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7352670                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     14425738                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.056556                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     16724110                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     16724110                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     17689846                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16724110                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7262415                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7174010                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     16724110                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.065567                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14749113                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14749113                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15759377                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14749113                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6744560                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6680173                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14749113                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.057824                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads     10514512                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes     10514512                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10909207                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10514512                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5039872                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5004116                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity     10514512                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.041222                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     12303449                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     12303449                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12968499                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12303449                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6139506                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6080465                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     12303449                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.048236                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      8311159                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      8311159                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8660576                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8311159                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3551622                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3503671                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      8311159                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.032584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      6364835                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      6364835                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6403662                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6364835                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2854686                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2853899                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      6364835                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.024953                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      6950399                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      6950399                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7009534                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6950399                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3379870                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3378299                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      6950399                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.027249                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      6461893                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      6461893                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6506527                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6461893                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2886754                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2885829                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      6461893                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.025334                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4240703                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4240703                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4314340                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4240703                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1707075                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1704011                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4240703                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.016626                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5870693                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5870693                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6009228                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5870693                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2419404                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2414813                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5870693                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.023016                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      7034105                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      7034105                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7120386                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7034105                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2735094                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2733157                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      7034105                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.027577                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6237093                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6237093                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6322799                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6237093                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2479170                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2477565                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6237093                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.024452                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5717369                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5717369                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5826578                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5717369                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2427188                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2424825                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5717369                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.022415                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3297040                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3297040                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3401759                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3297040                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1396884                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1394384                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3297040                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.012926                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3208673                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3208673                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3217230                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3208673                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1532916                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1532697                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3208673                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.012580                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3802842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3802842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3816979                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3802842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1979424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1977962                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3802842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.014909                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3573669                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3573669                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3587817                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3573668                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1729228                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1728856                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3573668                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.014011                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2177540                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2177540                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2177540                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2177540                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       967736                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       967736                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2177540                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.008537                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3155922                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3155922                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3164476                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3155922                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1481767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1481590                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3155922                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.012373                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3594489                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3594489                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3607157                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3594489                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1865474                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1864201                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3594489                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.014092                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3475021                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3475021                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3488147                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3475021                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1673134                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1672865                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3475021                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.013624                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2187894                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2187894                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2187894                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2187894                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       970790                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       970790                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2187894                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.008578                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     14234014                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     14234014                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15013581                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14234014                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6535338                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6518890                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     14234014                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.055804                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     13385883                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     13385883                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13868871                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13385883                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5974084                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5963035                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     13385883                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.052479                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     13878323                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     13878323                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14736639                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13878323                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5962672                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5922295                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     13878323                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.054410                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     14013572                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     14013572                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14694172                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14013572                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6115665                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6095456                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     14013572                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.054940                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    23903358     30.74%     30.74% |    49471619     63.61%     94.35% |     4392873      5.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     77767850                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    23903358     30.74%     30.74% |    49471620     63.61%     94.35% |     4392875      5.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     77767853                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   770548973                       |  1241839129                       |   104483727                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1007841585                       |   197325322                       |     4392892                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.236014                       |   25.102052                       |   23.784828                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   42.163180                       |    3.988657                       |    1.000004                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.220398                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    15.553468                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         42.773866                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004867                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.112666      7.52%      7.52% |    0.112052      7.48%     14.99% |    0.109023      7.27%     22.27% |    0.108822      7.26%     29.53% |    0.243558     16.25%     45.77% |    0.239174     15.96%     61.73% |    0.243517     16.25%     77.98% |    0.239072     15.95%     93.93% |    0.022752      1.52%     95.45% |    0.022756      1.52%     96.96% |    0.022757      1.52%     98.48% |    0.022754      1.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.498902                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.037313                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022152                       |    0.000000                       |    0.006909                       |    0.006946                       |    0.006839                       |    0.006945                       |    0.006849                       |    0.006963                       |    0.006850                       |    0.006940                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006711                       |    0.004376                       |    0.004340                       |    0.004392                       |    0.004347                       |    0.004347                       |    0.004334                       |    0.004316                       |    0.004330                       |    0.004376                       |    0.004397                       |    0.004371                       |    0.004344                       |    0.004368                       |    0.004323                       |    0.004325                       |    0.004356                       |    0.004354                       |    0.004348                       |    0.004349                       |    0.004350                       |    0.004710                       |    0.004549                       |    0.004331                       |    0.004345                       |    0.004354                       |    0.004332                       |    0.004360                       |    0.004376                       |    0.004383                       |    0.004461                       |    0.004619                       |    0.015238                       |    0.015030                       |    0.015016                       |    0.015022                       |    0.000095                       |           0                       |    0.006112                       |    0.012261                       |    0.000766                       |    0.000769                       |    0.000768                       |    0.000769                       |    0.000770                       |    0.000771                       |    0.000769                       |    0.000768                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004227                       |    0.000096                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004445                       |    0.003811                       |    0.010107                       |    0.004192                       |    0.000769                       |    0.006381                       |    0.013418                       |    0.006355                       |           0                       |    0.004251                       |    0.009772                       |           0                       |    0.014789                       |    0.019453                       |    0.007539                       |    0.010118                       |    0.004203                       |    0.000766                       |    0.016065                       |    0.015986                       |    0.013620                       |    0.010130                       |    0.004246                       |    0.000769                       |    0.017383                       |    0.014293                       |    0.010520                       |           0                       |    0.004236                       |    0.009564                       |           0                       |    0.017285                       |    0.012659                       |    0.008734                       |           0                       |    0.004220                       |           0                       |    0.008716                       |    0.006326                       |    0.005692                       |           0                       |    0.004221                       |           0                       |    0.004345                       |    0.003807                       |           0                       |    0.004506                       |           0                       |    0.001754                       |    0.004710                       |    0.003939                       |    0.010132                       |    0.004208                       |    0.000768                       |    0.010040                       |    0.005481                       |    0.013788                       |    0.003818                       |    0.010101                       |    0.004203                       |    0.000768                       |    0.006706                       |    0.014137                       |    0.019562                       |    0.005116                       |    0.023670                       |    0.005883                       |    0.006112                       |    0.011908                       |    0.020227                       |    0.030910                       |    0.011504                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004224                       |    0.012261                       |    0.011963                       |    0.023525                       |    0.018759                       |    0.011504                       |    0.010118                       |    0.004192                       |    0.000769                       |    0.010058                       |    0.014851                       |    0.010131                       |    0.006438                       |           0                       |    0.004201                       |           0                       |    0.003578                       |    0.008698                       |    0.005068                       |    0.005704                       |           0                       |    0.004218                       |           0                       |    0.001702                       |    0.004354                       |    0.003818                       |           0                       |    0.004349                       |           0                       |    0.000907                       |    0.004549                       |    0.004206                       |           0                       |    0.004239                       |           0                       |    0.010950                       |    0.005522                       |    0.007686                       |    0.004186                       |           0                       |    0.004326                       |    0.009557                       |           0                       |    0.007085                       |    0.014772                       |    0.014483                       |    0.004187                       |    0.010100                       |    0.004195                       |    0.000770                       |    0.018532                       |    0.016037                       |    0.011720                       |    0.004213                       |    0.010121                       |    0.004180                       |    0.000771                       |    0.009319                       |    0.017533                       |    0.011691                       |    0.004208                       |           0                       |    0.004424                       |    0.009561                       |           0                       |    0.008304                       |    0.017509                       |    0.010929                       |    0.004213                       |           0                       |    0.004215                       |           0                       |    0.002729                       |    0.008700                       |    0.005473                       |    0.004217                       |           0                       |    0.004210                       |           0                       |    0.000863                       |    0.004332                       |    0.004218                       |           0                       |    0.004206                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004331                       |           0                       |    0.004186                       |           0                       |    0.005047                       |           0                       |    0.007392                       |           0                       |    0.004187                       |           0                       |    0.006094                       |    0.003785                       |    0.008951                       |           0                       |    0.004213                       |           0                       |    0.010093                       |    0.007112                       |    0.006158                       |           0                       |    0.004208                       |           0                       |    0.005042                       |    0.010057                       |    0.005145                       |           0                       |    0.004213                       |           0                       |    0.008470                       |    0.009732                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004217                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.008709                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004218                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004360                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.498902                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         9914357                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9914357                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       390019                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      7071300                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         6455029                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     91.284898                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         1026917                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30141                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             19589322                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86415                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21517358                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181269                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         19675737                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21698627                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  41106680                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267684                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              41374364                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             11760554                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9642                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         11770196                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  11760554                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9642                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              11770196                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                251523995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     38455370                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               72695479                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             9914357                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      7481946                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             207593267                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       183358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       305184                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       345191                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11759886                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        231007                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3955                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    247482450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.524003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.750949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        222694495     89.98%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2160650      0.87%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3254091      1.31%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1030946      0.42%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3380237      1.37%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1799576      0.73%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          4621103      1.87%     96.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           656296      0.27%     96.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7885056      3.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    247482450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.039417                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.289020                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13911865                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     215992568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6891213                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      10232468                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454329                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      125192625                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454329                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16892790                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       131963057                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13491975                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          13512054                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      71168238                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      123189483                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       11071767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    131321796                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     278811828                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    186099911                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     117824833                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13496961                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          62101069                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     10448431                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     21930194                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3570348                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3343492                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          120921548                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1018848                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         126803539                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326769                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10018930                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14634287                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137074                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    247482450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.512374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.206429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192057116     77.60%     77.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24841975     10.04%     87.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11692255      4.72%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7433852      3.00%     95.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4119941      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5420938      2.19%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083546      0.44%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472848      0.19%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359979      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    247482450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113407      9.70%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913906     78.18%     87.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141602     12.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417304      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      86282119     68.04%     68.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52413      0.04%     68.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52160      0.04%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18263821     14.40%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21735713     17.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      126803539                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.504141                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168915                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.009218                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502585050                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    131968002                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117474444                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      127555066                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3424095                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1472368                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2666                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9044                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       741386                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     10931184                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454329                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7928867                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     112083033                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121940396                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108466                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      10448431                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     21930194                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1009426                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         468996                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9044                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131523                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330381                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461904                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     126091216                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      18048636                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             39578294                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8472246                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21529658                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.501309                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              117583348                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             117474498                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          61911007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         100020044                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.467051                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.618986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10252690                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       881774                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       404179                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    245797719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.454039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.356942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203240271     82.69%     82.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     18396930      7.48%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11346040      4.62%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2911990      1.18%     95.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2456837      1.00%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1560743      0.63%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155324      0.47%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       623004      0.25%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4106580      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    245797719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64289285                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      111601655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               30164870                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               8976062                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            7947053                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         110726979                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       942552                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178743      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     81155980     72.72%     72.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51130      0.05%     72.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50923      0.05%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      8976062      8.04%     81.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21188808     18.99%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    111601655                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       4106580                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            363294918                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           245404034                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87712                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4041545                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64289285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             111601655                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.912378                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.912378                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.255599                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.255599                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        193376609                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        86581051                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          37319366                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         37539473                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        56474436                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357662                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              14921806000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            14921805999.999979                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.07374e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+10-1.18112e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.18112e+10-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.39586e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.39586e+10-1.50324e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.50324e+10-1.61061e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-1.82536e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.82536e+10-1.93274e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.93274e+10-2.04011e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.04011e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12520535                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        66.033359                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       39.686860                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       94.531060                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11040911     88.18%     88.18% |      769321      6.14%     94.33% |      419570      3.35%     97.68% |      200940      1.60%     99.28% |       46777      0.37%     99.66% |       30611      0.24%     99.90% |       11142      0.09%     99.99% |        1261      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12520535                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      13834812                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.646822                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.394002                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.489806                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     9196099     66.47%     66.47% |     4615472     33.36%     99.83% |       22072      0.16%     99.99% |        1063      0.01%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        13834812                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        304594                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.702850                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       22.913079                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.119959                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        6205      2.04%      2.04% |       37151     12.20%     14.23% |      115012     37.76%     51.99% |       65744     21.58%     73.58% |       62584     20.55%     94.12% |       14512      4.76%     98.89% |        3241      1.06%     99.95% |         134      0.04%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          304594                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         15090759                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           45.212298                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.268640                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         120.938842                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    15071773     99.87%     99.87% |       18586      0.12%    100.00% |         328      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           15090759                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples     12378842                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000682                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000555                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.033635                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12371948     99.94%     99.94% |        6565      0.05%    100.00% |         255      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total       12378842                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2711917                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     237.891836                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    181.017024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    190.079970                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2692931     99.30%     99.30% |       18586      0.69%     99.99% |         328      0.01%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2711917                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22170058                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           26.486682                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.161486                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         104.679927                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22143748     99.88%     99.88% |       25331      0.11%    100.00% |         769      0.00%    100.00% |         160      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22170058                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20543799                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000149                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000117                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.016806                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20541699     99.99%     99.99% |        1484      0.01%    100.00% |         317      0.00%    100.00% |         263      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20543799                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1626259                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     323.181502                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    259.694386                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    233.211970                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1599949     98.38%     98.38% |       25331      1.56%     99.94% |         769      0.05%     99.99% |         160      0.01%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1626259                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     11753437                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.919893                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.106740                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.916217                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    11737328     99.86%     99.86% |       12765      0.11%     99.97% |        2926      0.02%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |         151      0.00%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       11753437                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     11626777                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000293                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11626776    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     11626777                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126660                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.361598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.929603                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    62.046556                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110551     87.28%     87.28% |       12765     10.08%     97.36% |        2926      2.31%     99.67% |         121      0.10%     99.77% |         151      0.12%     99.88% |         112      0.09%     99.97% |          22      0.02%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126660                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.990667                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.868752                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.308171                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273503     98.17%     98.17% |        3866      1.39%     99.56% |        1018      0.37%     99.93% |          93      0.03%     99.96% |          55      0.02%     99.98% |          53      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257742                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019792                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257641     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257742                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20853                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.750060                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.560725                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.082906                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15761     75.58%     75.58% |        3866     18.54%     94.12% |        1018      4.88%     99.00% |          93      0.45%     99.45% |          55      0.26%     99.71% |          53      0.25%     99.97% |           7      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20853                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks      1541899                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     29315070                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        17051                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     6994                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     5209                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     6804                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                     4958                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     6760                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     5229                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     6708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     5103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     4930                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     5257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                    5469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                    4856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    4772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    5011                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    4661                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                    5392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  62349                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 129532                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  62581                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 129810                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  62538                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 129630                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  62694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 129731                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  63537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                 129763                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 63379                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                129972                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 63572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                129780                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 63626                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                129405                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    75073                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   154059                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    75031                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   154032                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    75118                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   153941                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    75014                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   153966                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    75949                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                   153780                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   75568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                  153972                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   76072                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                  154009                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   76129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                  154003                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                69343                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               134741                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                69385                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               134768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                69298                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               134859                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                69402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               134834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                68467                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               135020                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               68848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              134828                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               68344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              134791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               68287                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              134797                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                48957710                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                63116802                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                49768099                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                85177665                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                54652226                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                65408111                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                49437293                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                75147845                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                34284341                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                62540384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               42379185                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               69920810                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               29702177                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               56442752                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               25376689                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               44142433                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   82972                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  227355                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   82970                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  227355                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   82967                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   82960                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  227345                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   82972                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  227352                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  82962                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 227357                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  82975                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  61444                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  61445                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  61446                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  61445                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  61449                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  61456                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  61455                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  61444                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  61448                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 61454                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 61443                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 61441                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 2747                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 2631                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 2259                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 2640                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 2611                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 2602                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 2387                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 2362                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 2400                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 2451                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                2274                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                2214                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                2363                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                2578                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                2242                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                2582                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              80225                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             224724                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              80711                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             224715                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              80356                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             224758                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              80573                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             224983                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              80572                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses             224901                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             80688                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses            225146                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             80613                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses            224779                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             80733                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses            224778                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                4247                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2578                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4545                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2318                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2627                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                4321                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2741                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                2530                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                2806                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               3195                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               2642                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               2409                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               2433                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               2419                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               2810                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             57197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             58867                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             56901                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             59127                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             57300                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             58813                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             57135                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             58714                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             58914                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             58642                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            58259                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            58798                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            59031                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            59010                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            59022                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            58630                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.task_cycles               9357014                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.task_cycles              20338548                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.task_cycles               9365867                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.task_cycles              20267191                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.task_cycles               9377285                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.task_cycles              20337193                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.task_cycles               9377407                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.task_cycles              20333436                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.task_cycles               9396995                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.task_cycles              20336498                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.task_cycles              9388768                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.task_cycles             20299814                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.task_cycles              9402254                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.task_cycles             20341080                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.task_cycles              9400932                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.task_cycles             20370071                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_actions                   128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_actions                   384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_actions                   128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_actions                   384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_actions                   128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_actions                   384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_actions                   128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_actions                   384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_actions                   128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_actions                   384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_actions                  128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_actions                  384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_actions                  128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_actions                  384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_actions                  128                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_actions                  384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               8805333                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              19378477                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               8797303                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              19298030                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               8830418                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles              19370884                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8808701                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles              19363864                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8684215                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles              19372544                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              8729066                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles             19296116                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              8646768                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles             19340111                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              8641146                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles             19363608                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           3940644                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              4085043                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              4273886                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              4072015                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              4292634                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              4006356                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              4293371                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              4015725                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              4325098                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              4097923                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              4311549                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             4029272                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             4438387                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             4164779                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             4448733                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             4150300                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             4442977                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          8805333                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         19378477                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          8797303                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         19298030                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          8830418                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time         19370884                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8808701                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time         19363864                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8684215                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time         19372544                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         8729066                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time        19296116                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         8646768                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time        19340111                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         8641146                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time        19363608                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      3932541                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         4085043                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         4273886                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         4072015                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         4292634                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         4006356                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         4293371                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         4015725                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         4325098                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         4097923                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         4311549                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        4029272                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        4438387                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        4164779                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        4448733                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        4150300                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        4442977                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            9094822                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           19846980                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            9103675                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           19775623                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            9115093                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           19845625                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            9115215                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           19841868                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            9134803                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time           19844930                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           9126576                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time          19808246                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           9140062                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time          19849512                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           9138740                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time          19887565                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         229956829                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         229956825                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         229956831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         229956827                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         229956836                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        229956832                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        229956848                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        229956844                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         19555399                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         25078866                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         19582770                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         25048033                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         19597003                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         25078382                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         19596667                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         25046077                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         19554613                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         25052872                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles        19595092                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        25084127                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        19599388                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        25024565                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        19547421                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        25015880                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             62349                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0            129532                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             62581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0            129810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             62538                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0            129630                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             62694                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0            129731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             63537                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0            129763                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            63379                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0           129972                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            63572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0           129780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            63626                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0           129405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1629                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               898                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1352                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1066                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1522                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1055                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               822                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1051                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1098                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1015                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              733                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              807                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1              749                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1              900                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2               617                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               617                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2               506                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2               658                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2               590                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               642                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2               558                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2               566                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2               543                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               582                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2              544                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2              503                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2              522                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              641                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2              500                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2              626                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      648059     25.27%     25.27% |      639264     24.92%     50.19% |      638698     24.90%     75.09% |      638959     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2564980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      299625     25.57%     25.57% |      290803     24.82%     50.39% |      290608     24.80%     75.19% |      290730     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1171766                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      648084     25.27%     25.27% |      639264     24.92%     50.19% |      638697     24.90%     75.09% |      638958     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2565003                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      305483     25.56%     25.56% |      296674     24.82%     50.38% |      296479     24.81%     75.18% |      296601     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1195237                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      340242     25.01%     25.01% |      340269     25.01%     50.02% |      339898     24.98%     75.01% |      340036     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1360445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      648059     25.27%     25.27% |      639264     24.92%     50.19% |      638698     24.90%     75.09% |      638959     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2564980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      299380     25.57%     25.57% |      290626     24.82%     50.39% |      290431     24.80%     75.19% |      290553     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1170990                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      340242     25.01%     25.01% |      340269     25.01%     50.02% |      339898     24.98%     75.01% |      340036     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1360445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      648059     25.27%     25.27% |      639264     24.92%     50.19% |      638697     24.90%     75.09% |      638958     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2564978                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      299380     25.57%     25.57% |      290626     24.82%     50.39% |      290431     24.80%     75.19% |      290553     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1170990                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    12612775     83.56%     83.56% |          34      0.00%     83.56% |      310285      2.06%     85.61% |      310276      2.06%     87.67% |      310279      2.06%     89.72% |      310278      2.06%     91.78% |      310283      2.06%     93.83% |      310274      2.06%     95.89% |      310275      2.06%     97.94% |      310279      2.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     15095038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    11753480    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     11753480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    21470295     95.62%     95.62% |           0      0.00%     95.62% |      122880      0.55%     96.17% |      122880      0.55%     96.72% |      122880      0.55%     97.26% |      122880      0.55%     97.81% |      122880      0.55%     98.36% |      122880      0.55%     98.91% |      122880      0.55%     99.45% |      122880      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22453335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       26970      9.46%      9.46% |          34      0.01%      9.48% |       31886     11.19%     20.67% |       26607      9.34%     30.00% |       36544     12.82%     42.83% |       32585     11.43%     54.26% |       37640     13.21%     67.47% |       31659     11.11%     78.58% |       34966     12.27%     90.85% |       26072      9.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       284963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1027162     22.78%     22.78% |           0      0.00%     22.78% |      435552      9.66%     32.45% |      435586      9.66%     42.11% |      435685      9.66%     51.77% |      435733      9.67%     61.44% |      434439      9.64%     71.07% |      434952      9.65%     80.72% |      434341      9.63%     90.36% |      434804      9.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4508254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.03%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |        2334     11.89%     11.91% |        2355     12.00%     23.91% |        1922      9.79%     33.70% |        3563     18.15%     51.85% |        2080     10.60%     62.45% |        3868     19.70%     82.15% |        1580      8.05%     90.20% |        1924      9.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        19631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      232292      9.59%      9.59% |          29      0.00%      9.59% |      275342     11.37%     20.96% |      282018     11.65%     32.61% |      265219     10.95%     43.56% |      272714     11.26%     54.83% |      265461     10.96%     65.79% |      274776     11.35%     77.14% |      269372     11.12%     88.26% |      284280     11.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2421503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.03%      0.03% |        2370     12.07%     12.10% |        1777      9.05%     21.15% |        2383     12.14%     33.29% |        3175     16.17%     49.46% |        3559     18.13%     67.59% |        2249     11.46%     79.05% |        2700     13.75%     92.80% |        1413      7.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        19631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792531     38.76%     38.76% |           0      0.00%     38.76% |      154813      7.57%     46.33% |      148784      7.28%     53.61% |      164976      8.07%     61.68% |      156800      7.67%     69.35% |      163596      8.00%     77.35% |      155614      7.61%     84.96% |      160559      7.85%     92.82% |      146897      7.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2044570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886342     22.46%     22.46% |           0      0.00%     22.46% |      383945      9.73%     32.19% |      391891      9.93%     42.12% |      375071      9.50%     51.62% |      381263      9.66%     61.28% |      373503      9.46%     70.75% |      382796      9.70%     80.45% |      378406      9.59%     90.03% |      393315      9.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3946532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225420      8.34%      8.34% |          17      0.00%      8.34% |      309849     11.46%     19.79% |      309851     11.46%     31.25% |      309813     11.46%     42.71% |      309894     11.46%     54.17% |      309845     11.46%     65.63% |      309867     11.46%     77.09% |      309853     11.46%     88.54% |      309821     11.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2704230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122873    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      665005     40.38%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |      122630      7.45%     47.82% |      122720      7.45%     55.28% |      122762      7.45%     62.73% |      122763      7.45%     70.18% |      122763      7.45%     77.64% |      122757      7.45%     85.09% |      122764      7.45%     92.55% |      122761      7.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1646925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11155      6.79%      6.79% |           0      0.00%      6.79% |       18441     11.23%     18.02% |       15362      9.35%     27.37% |       23678     14.42%     41.79% |       20448     12.45%     54.24% |       23077     14.05%     68.29% |       19056     11.60%     79.89% |       20634     12.56%     92.45% |       12398      7.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       164249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7564     98.40%     98.40% |          17      0.22%     98.62% |          34      0.44%     99.06% |           8      0.10%     99.17% |           2      0.03%     99.19% |          26      0.34%     99.53% |           6      0.08%     99.61% |          15      0.20%     99.80% |          12      0.16%     99.96% |           3      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         7687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3789    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         174     86.14%     86.14% |           0      0.00%     86.14% |          12      5.94%     92.08% |           0      0.00%     92.08% |           1      0.50%     92.57% |           6      2.97%     95.54% |           2      0.99%     96.53% |           0      0.00%     96.53% |           2      0.99%     97.52% |           5      2.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3465      3.23%      3.23% |           0      0.00%      3.23% |       13279     12.36%     15.59% |       11127     10.36%     25.94% |       12775     11.89%     37.84% |       12003     11.17%     49.01% |       14465     13.46%     62.47% |       12504     11.64%     74.11% |       14217     13.23%     87.35% |       13594     12.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       107429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     97.47%     97.47% |           0      0.00%     97.47% |          55      0.21%     97.68% |          68      0.27%     97.95% |         104      0.41%     98.35% |          69      0.27%     98.62% |          93      0.36%     98.99% |          83      0.32%     99.31% |         104      0.41%     99.72% |          73      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    11626777    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     11626777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4822     22.87%     22.87% |           5      0.02%     22.89% |        2042      9.69%     32.58% |        1118      5.30%     37.88% |        2213     10.50%     48.38% |        1805      8.56%     56.94% |        2257     10.70%     67.64% |        2071      9.82%     77.47% |        2532     12.01%     89.48% |        2219     10.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        21084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122467     29.52%     29.52% |           0      0.00%     29.52% |       34743      8.37%     37.89% |       29041      7.00%     44.89% |       44217     10.66%     55.54% |       38879      9.37%     64.91% |       44128     10.64%     75.55% |       36812      8.87%     84.42% |       39482      9.52%     93.94% |       25161      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       414930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     8086897     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         334      0.00%     99.97% |         345      0.00%     99.98% |         353      0.00%     99.98% |         283      0.00%     99.98% |         328      0.00%     99.99% |         307      0.00%     99.99% |         303      0.00%    100.00% |         375      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      8089525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38469    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       10508     14.66%     14.66% |          29      0.04%     14.70% |        7534     10.51%     25.20% |        7915     11.04%     36.24% |        7197     10.04%     46.28% |        7345     10.24%     56.53% |        8101     11.30%     67.82% |        7419     10.35%     78.17% |        7956     11.10%     89.27% |        7694     10.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        71698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      183175      8.00%      8.00% |           0      0.00%      8.00% |      265263     11.58%     19.58% |      271482     11.86%     31.44% |      255882     11.18%     42.62% |      261587     11.42%     54.04% |      255059     11.14%     65.18% |      263274     11.50%     76.68% |      259590     11.34%     88.01% |      274445     11.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2289757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2316     11.87%     11.87% |        2336     11.97%     23.84% |        1909      9.78%     33.62% |        3552     18.20%     51.82% |        2070     10.61%     62.43% |        3850     19.73%     82.16% |        1572      8.06%     90.21% |        1910      9.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        19515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     4263680    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      4263680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    20763257     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         238      0.00%    100.00% |         160      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     20764349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         485      1.76%      1.76% |           0      0.00%      1.76% |        3805     13.79%     15.55% |        2155      7.81%     23.36% |        3419     12.39%     35.76% |        2938     10.65%     46.41% |        4166     15.10%     61.51% |        3080     11.17%     72.68% |        3795     13.76%     86.44% |        3741     13.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        27584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703167     42.44%     42.44% |           0      0.00%     42.44% |      118682      7.16%     49.61% |      120409      7.27%     56.87% |      119189      7.19%     64.07% |      119676      7.22%     71.29% |      118444      7.15%     78.44% |      119522      7.21%     85.65% |      118816      7.17%     92.83% |      118870      7.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1656775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           2     20.00%     40.00% |           2     20.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           2     20.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12258     72.52%     72.52% |           0      0.00%     72.52% |         451      2.67%     75.19% |         480      2.84%     78.03% |         518      3.06%     81.10% |         575      3.40%     84.50% |         522      3.09%     87.59% |         661      3.91%     91.50% |         548      3.24%     94.74% |         889      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        16902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      232292      9.59%      9.59% |          29      0.00%      9.59% |      275341     11.37%     20.96% |      282017     11.65%     32.61% |      265217     10.95%     43.56% |      272712     11.26%     54.83% |      265460     10.96%     65.79% |      274774     11.35%     77.14% |      269371     11.12%     88.26% |      284280     11.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2421493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.03%      0.03% |        2370     12.07%     12.10% |        1777      9.05%     21.15% |        2383     12.14%     33.29% |        3175     16.17%     49.46% |        3559     18.13%     67.59% |        2249     11.46%     79.05% |        2700     13.75%     92.80% |        1413      7.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        19631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127352     32.04%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |       32171      8.09%     40.14% |       26064      6.56%     46.70% |       42213     10.62%     57.32% |       34031      8.56%     65.88% |       40831     10.27%     76.15% |       32857      8.27%     84.42% |       37793      9.51%     93.93% |       24131      6.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       397443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630     11.71%     11.71% |           0      0.00%     11.71% |        3134     13.95%     25.66% |        3047     13.57%     39.23% |        3104     13.82%     53.05% |        3013     13.41%     66.46% |        1821      8.11%     74.57% |        2179      9.70%     84.27% |        1688      7.52%     91.79% |        1845      8.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        22461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665179     40.38%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |      122642      7.45%     47.83% |      122720      7.45%     55.28% |      122763      7.45%     62.73% |      122769      7.45%     70.19% |      122765      7.45%     77.64% |      122757      7.45%     85.09% |      122766      7.45%     92.55% |      122766      7.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1647127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           2     20.00%     40.00% |           2     20.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           2     20.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4226     98.76%     98.76% |           0      0.00%     98.76% |          13      0.30%     99.07% |           4      0.09%     99.16% |           7      0.16%     99.32% |           6      0.14%     99.46% |          11      0.26%     99.72% |           2      0.05%     99.77% |           3      0.07%     99.84% |           7      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3372    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          63     18.64%     18.64% |          56     16.57%     35.21% |          35     10.36%     45.56% |          47     13.91%     59.47% |          38     11.24%     70.71% |          31      9.17%     79.88% |          48     14.20%     94.08% |          20      5.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     16.22%     16.22% |          19     17.12%     33.33% |          13     11.71%     45.05% |          11      9.91%     54.95% |          10      9.01%     63.96% |          18     16.22%     80.18% |           8      7.21%     87.39% |          14     12.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886342     22.46%     22.46% |           0      0.00%     22.46% |      383864      9.73%     32.19% |      391816      9.93%     42.12% |      375023      9.50%     51.62% |      381205      9.66%     61.28% |      373455      9.46%     70.75% |      382747      9.70%     80.45% |      378350      9.59%     90.03% |      393281      9.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3946083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          81     18.04%     18.04% |          75     16.70%     34.74% |          48     10.69%     45.43% |          58     12.92%     58.35% |          48     10.69%     69.04% |          49     10.91%     79.96% |          56     12.47%     92.43% |          34      7.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          449                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3924      3.09%      3.09% |        3798      2.99%      6.09% |        3529      2.78%      8.87% |        3539      2.79%     11.66% |        3623      2.86%     14.52% |        4092      3.23%     17.74% |        3810      3.00%     20.74% |        3376      2.66%     23.41% |        3691      2.91%     26.32% |        5232      4.12%     30.44% |        4055      3.20%     33.64% |        3870      3.05%     36.69% |        3767      2.97%     39.66% |        4425      3.49%     43.15% |        3944      3.11%     46.25% |        3837      3.02%     49.28% |        4261      3.36%     52.64% |        4233      3.34%     55.98% |        3704      2.92%     58.90% |        3353      2.64%     61.54% |        3132      2.47%     64.01% |        3789      2.99%     66.99% |        3584      2.83%     69.82% |        3435      2.71%     72.53% |        3687      2.91%     75.43% |        3840      3.03%     78.46% |        3317      2.61%     81.08% |        4761      3.75%     84.83% |        4049      3.19%     88.02% |        5396      4.25%     92.28% |        5239      4.13%     96.41% |        4560      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126852                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158815      5.85%      5.85% |       82759      3.05%      8.90% |       81434      3.00%     11.90% |       82601      3.04%     14.94% |       81780      3.01%     17.95% |       81650      3.01%     20.96% |       81061      2.99%     23.94% |       81063      2.99%     26.93% |       81283      2.99%     29.92% |       81608      3.01%     32.93% |       83383      3.07%     36.00% |       82794      3.05%     39.05% |       81749      3.01%     42.06% |       81717      3.01%     45.07% |       81019      2.98%     48.05% |       81134      2.99%     51.04% |       82011      3.02%     54.06% |       81533      3.00%     57.07% |       81808      3.01%     60.08% |       82111      3.02%     63.10% |       81935      3.02%     66.12% |       90488      3.33%     69.45% |       88795      3.27%     72.72% |       81437      3.00%     75.72% |       81409      3.00%     78.72% |       82087      3.02%     81.74% |       81305      2.99%     84.74% |       81206      2.99%     87.73% |       81892      3.02%     90.75% |       81229      2.99%     93.74% |       82028      3.02%     96.76% |       87990      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2715114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64879      3.94%      3.94% |       50700      3.08%      7.02% |       50690      3.08%     10.09% |       51691      3.14%     13.23% |       50461      3.06%     16.29% |       50241      3.05%     19.34% |       50529      3.07%     22.41% |       50022      3.04%     25.45% |       50216      3.05%     28.50% |       50541      3.07%     31.57% |       50671      3.08%     34.64% |       50188      3.05%     37.69% |       50068      3.04%     40.73% |       50600      3.07%     43.80% |       49958      3.03%     46.83% |       50016      3.04%     49.87% |       50111      3.04%     52.91% |       50560      3.07%     55.98% |       50557      3.07%     59.05% |       50529      3.07%     62.12% |       50852      3.09%     65.20% |       57035      3.46%     68.67% |       52140      3.17%     71.83% |       50344      3.06%     74.89% |       50778      3.08%     77.97% |       50366      3.06%     81.03% |       50723      3.08%     84.11% |       50704      3.08%     87.18% |       51258      3.11%     90.30% |       51022      3.10%     93.39% |       53758      3.26%     96.66% |       55084      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1647292                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      210677      5.34%      5.34% |      120501      3.05%      8.39% |      119035      3.02%     11.41% |      120945      3.06%     14.47% |      118885      3.01%     17.49% |      118211      3.00%     20.48% |      118305      3.00%     23.48% |      117769      2.98%     26.46% |      118178      2.99%     29.46% |      118972      3.01%     32.47% |      120801      3.06%     35.53% |      119726      3.03%     38.57% |      118533      3.00%     41.57% |      119006      3.02%     44.59% |      117654      2.98%     47.57% |      117858      2.99%     50.56% |      119126      3.02%     53.57% |      119137      3.02%     56.59% |      119678      3.03%     59.63% |      119924      3.04%     62.66% |      120088      3.04%     65.71% |      134607      3.41%     69.12% |      128267      3.25%     72.37% |      119017      3.02%     75.39% |      119537      3.03%     78.41% |      119729      3.03%     81.45% |      119404      3.03%     84.47% |      119168      3.02%     87.49% |      120456      3.05%     90.55% |      119634      3.03%     93.58% |      123150      3.12%     96.70% |      130279      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      3946257                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          34      5.90%      5.90% |          36      6.25%     12.15% |          28      4.86%     17.01% |          34      5.90%     22.92% |          31      5.38%     28.30% |          27      4.69%     32.99% |          30      5.21%     38.19% |          44      7.64%     45.83% |          17      2.95%     48.78% |          26      4.51%     53.30% |          14      2.43%     55.73% |          17      2.95%     58.68% |          17      2.95%     61.63% |          14      2.43%     64.06% |          12      2.08%     66.15% |          17      2.95%     69.10% |           8      1.39%     70.49% |           8      1.39%     71.87% |          14      2.43%     74.31% |          15      2.60%     76.91% |           5      0.87%     77.78% |           9      1.56%     79.34% |           5      0.87%     80.21% |          13      2.26%     82.47% |          12      2.08%     84.55% |          10      1.74%     86.28% |          10      1.74%     88.02% |          17      2.95%     90.97% |          14      2.43%     93.40% |          12      2.08%     95.49% |          14      2.43%     97.92% |          12      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       44643      3.85%      3.85% |       35948      3.10%      6.94% |       35926      3.10%     10.04% |       35985      3.10%     13.14% |       35964      3.10%     16.24% |       36012      3.10%     19.34% |       35989      3.10%     22.44% |       35987      3.10%     25.54% |       35977      3.10%     28.64% |       35949      3.10%     31.74% |       35974      3.10%     34.83% |       36027      3.10%     37.94% |       36043      3.11%     41.04% |       36078      3.11%     44.15% |       35981      3.10%     47.25% |       35967      3.10%     50.35% |       36003      3.10%     53.45% |       35963      3.10%     56.55% |       35961      3.10%     59.65% |       35976      3.10%     62.75% |       35995      3.10%     65.85% |       36057      3.11%     68.95% |       36017      3.10%     72.06% |       35990      3.10%     75.16% |       36019      3.10%     78.26% |       35986      3.10%     81.36% |       36003      3.10%     84.46% |       36074      3.11%     87.57% |       36090      3.11%     90.68% |       36098      3.11%     93.79% |       36072      3.11%     96.90% |       36017      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1160771                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       42947      3.13%      3.13% |       42641      3.11%      6.24% |       42678      3.11%      9.36% |       42664      3.11%     12.47% |       42782      3.12%     15.59% |       42742      3.12%     18.71% |       42728      3.12%     21.83% |       42781      3.12%     24.95% |       42768      3.12%     28.07% |       42754      3.12%     31.19% |       42905      3.13%     34.32% |       42856      3.13%     37.45% |       43056      3.14%     40.59% |       42954      3.13%     43.72% |       42958      3.13%     46.85% |       42917      3.13%     49.99% |       42799      3.12%     53.11% |       42759      3.12%     56.23% |       42692      3.11%     59.34% |       42785      3.12%     62.46% |       42903      3.13%     65.59% |       43103      3.14%     68.74% |       42917      3.13%     71.87% |       42895      3.13%     75.00% |       42795      3.12%     78.12% |       42877      3.13%     81.25% |       42688      3.11%     84.36% |       42748      3.12%     87.48% |       42838      3.13%     90.61% |       42974      3.14%     93.74% |       42840      3.13%     96.87% |       42921      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1370665                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       88703      3.46%      3.46% |       79636      3.10%      6.56% |       79650      3.11%      9.67% |       79696      3.11%     12.78% |       79792      3.11%     15.89% |       79800      3.11%     19.00% |       79763      3.11%     22.11% |       79814      3.11%     25.22% |       79791      3.11%     28.33% |       79749      3.11%     31.44% |       79926      3.12%     34.55% |       79929      3.12%     37.67% |       80146      3.12%     40.80% |       80078      3.12%     43.92% |       79985      3.12%     47.04% |       79930      3.12%     50.15% |       79849      3.11%     53.27% |       79768      3.11%     56.37% |       79699      3.11%     59.48% |       79807      3.11%     62.59% |       79944      3.12%     65.71% |       80206      3.13%     68.84% |       79979      3.12%     71.96% |       79931      3.12%     75.07% |       79860      3.11%     78.19% |       79909      3.12%     81.30% |       79737      3.11%     84.41% |       79867      3.11%     87.52% |       79974      3.12%     90.64% |       80118      3.12%     93.76% |       79958      3.12%     96.88% |       79984      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2564978                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       87679      3.46%      3.46% |       78612      3.10%      6.57% |       78626      3.11%      9.67% |       78672      3.11%     12.78% |       78768      3.11%     15.89% |       78776      3.11%     19.00% |       78739      3.11%     22.11% |       78790      3.11%     25.22% |       78767      3.11%     28.33% |       78725      3.11%     31.44% |       78902      3.12%     34.56% |       78905      3.12%     37.67% |       79122      3.12%     40.80% |       79054      3.12%     43.92% |       78961      3.12%     47.04% |       78906      3.12%     50.15% |       78825      3.11%     53.27% |       78744      3.11%     56.38% |       78675      3.11%     59.48% |       78783      3.11%     62.59% |       78920      3.12%     65.71% |       79182      3.13%     68.84% |       78955      3.12%     71.96% |       78907      3.12%     75.07% |       78836      3.11%     78.19% |       78885      3.12%     81.30% |       78713      3.11%     84.41% |       78843      3.11%     87.52% |       78950      3.12%     90.64% |       79094      3.12%     93.76% |       78934      3.12%     96.88% |       78960      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2532210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         890      3.21%      3.21% |         839      3.02%      6.23% |         842      3.03%      9.27% |         857      3.09%     12.35% |         813      2.93%     15.29% |         826      2.98%     18.26% |         816      2.94%     21.20% |         838      3.02%     24.22% |         829      2.99%     27.21% |         833      3.00%     30.21% |         862      3.11%     33.32% |         855      3.08%     36.40% |         869      3.13%     39.53% |         864      3.11%     42.65% |         896      3.23%     45.88% |         905      3.26%     49.14% |         867      3.12%     52.26% |         878      3.16%     55.43% |         868      3.13%     58.56% |         895      3.23%     61.78% |         954      3.44%     65.22% |         950      3.42%     68.64% |         881      3.18%     71.82% |         904      3.26%     75.08% |         866      3.12%     78.20% |         872      3.14%     81.34% |         845      3.05%     84.39% |         873      3.15%     87.53% |         863      3.11%     90.64% |         881      3.18%     93.82% |         863      3.11%     96.93% |         852      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        27746                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         600      3.03%      3.03% |         605      3.05%      6.08% |         582      2.94%      9.02% |         548      2.77%     11.79% |         543      2.74%     14.53% |         482      2.43%     16.96% |         545      2.75%     19.72% |         496      2.50%     22.22% |         553      2.79%     25.01% |         496      2.50%     27.52% |         546      2.76%     30.27% |         479      2.42%     32.69% |         517      2.61%     35.30% |         507      2.56%     37.86% |         595      3.00%     40.86% |         558      2.82%     43.68% |         628      3.17%     46.85% |         612      3.09%     49.94% |         665      3.36%     53.30% |         640      3.23%     56.53% |         688      3.47%     60.00% |         648      3.27%     63.28% |         743      3.75%     67.03% |         662      3.34%     70.37% |         745      3.76%     74.13% |         733      3.70%     77.83% |         738      3.73%     81.56% |         712      3.59%     85.15% |         780      3.94%     89.09% |         721      3.64%     92.73% |         750      3.79%     96.52% |         690      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        19807                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2667      3.14%      3.14% |        2664      3.14%      6.27% |        2733      3.22%      9.49% |        2759      3.25%     12.74% |        2839      3.34%     16.08% |        2793      3.29%     19.37% |        2808      3.31%     22.67% |        2762      3.25%     25.92% |        2807      3.30%     29.23% |        2727      3.21%     32.44% |        2753      3.24%     35.68% |        2730      3.21%     38.89% |        2817      3.32%     42.21% |        2748      3.23%     45.44% |        2741      3.23%     48.67% |        2676      3.15%     51.82% |        2688      3.16%     54.98% |        2585      3.04%     58.02% |        2555      3.01%     61.03% |        2515      2.96%     63.99% |        2548      3.00%     66.99% |        2533      2.98%     69.97% |        2549      3.00%     72.97% |        2517      2.96%     75.94% |        2571      3.03%     78.96% |        2522      2.97%     81.93% |        2534      2.98%     84.91% |        2527      2.97%     87.89% |        2575      3.03%     90.92% |        2540      2.99%     93.91% |        2584      3.04%     96.95% |        2592      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        84959                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        5433      3.16%      3.16% |        5294      3.08%      6.23% |        5340      3.10%      9.34% |        5400      3.14%     12.47% |        5485      3.19%     15.66% |        5359      3.11%     18.78% |        5411      3.14%     21.92% |        5410      3.14%     25.06% |        5516      3.21%     28.27% |        5387      3.13%     31.40% |        5436      3.16%     34.56% |        5435      3.16%     37.72% |        5617      3.26%     40.98% |        5457      3.17%     44.15% |        5465      3.18%     47.33% |        5434      3.16%     50.49% |        5375      3.12%     53.61% |        5378      3.13%     56.74% |        5288      3.07%     59.81% |        5263      3.06%     62.87% |        5277      3.07%     65.93% |        5346      3.11%     69.04% |        5346      3.11%     72.15% |        5302      3.08%     75.23% |        5356      3.11%     78.34% |        5386      3.13%     81.47% |        5296      3.08%     84.55% |        5269      3.06%     87.61% |        5310      3.09%     90.70% |        5296      3.08%     93.77% |        5354      3.11%     96.88% |        5361      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       172082                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         592      3.02%      3.02% |         596      3.04%      6.05% |         575      2.93%      8.98% |         534      2.72%     11.70% |         533      2.72%     14.42% |         473      2.41%     16.83% |         537      2.74%     19.56% |         485      2.47%     22.03% |         548      2.79%     24.82% |         484      2.47%     27.29% |         541      2.76%     30.04% |         472      2.40%     32.45% |         512      2.61%     35.06% |         501      2.55%     37.61% |         590      3.01%     40.61% |         553      2.82%     43.43% |         625      3.18%     46.62% |         606      3.09%     49.70% |         662      3.37%     53.07% |         635      3.23%     56.31% |         685      3.49%     59.80% |         647      3.30%     63.09% |         742      3.78%     66.87% |         658      3.35%     70.23% |         742      3.78%     74.01% |         731      3.72%     77.73% |         736      3.75%     81.48% |         706      3.60%     85.07% |         775      3.95%     89.02% |         718      3.66%     92.68% |         748      3.81%     96.49% |         689      3.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        19631                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      214552      5.27%      5.27% |      124252      3.05%      8.33% |      122732      3.02%     11.34% |      124668      3.06%     14.41% |      122546      3.01%     17.42% |      121778      2.99%     20.41% |      121916      3.00%     23.41% |      121385      2.98%     26.39% |      121882      3.00%     29.39% |      122625      3.01%     32.40% |      124516      3.06%     35.46% |      123387      3.03%     38.50% |      122245      3.00%     41.50% |      122680      3.02%     44.52% |      121465      2.99%     47.50% |      121673      2.99%     50.49% |      122910      3.02%     53.51% |      122997      3.02%     56.53% |      123507      3.04%     59.57% |      123824      3.04%     62.61% |      124088      3.05%     65.66% |      138625      3.41%     69.07% |      132306      3.25%     72.32% |      123020      3.02%     75.35% |      123529      3.04%     78.38% |      123745      3.04%     81.42% |      123339      3.03%     84.46% |      123134      3.03%     87.48% |      124475      3.06%     90.54% |      123565      3.04%     93.58% |      127097      3.12%     96.70% |      134185      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4068648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         511      3.20%      3.20% |         453      2.83%      6.03% |         458      2.87%      8.90% |         450      2.82%     11.71% |         476      2.98%     14.69% |         433      2.71%     17.40% |         468      2.93%     20.33% |         492      3.08%     23.41% |         523      3.27%     26.68% |         462      2.89%     29.57% |         489      3.06%     32.63% |         499      3.12%     35.75% |         603      3.77%     39.53% |         525      3.29%     42.81% |         505      3.16%     45.97% |         513      3.21%     49.18% |         517      3.24%     52.42% |         537      3.36%     55.78% |         525      3.29%     59.06% |         484      3.03%     62.09% |         469      2.93%     65.03% |         511      3.20%     68.22% |         480      3.00%     71.23% |         461      2.88%     74.11% |         517      3.24%     77.35% |         565      3.54%     80.88% |         508      3.18%     84.06% |         464      2.90%     86.97% |         465      2.91%     89.88% |         549      3.44%     93.31% |         546      3.42%     96.73% |         523      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15981                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       51622      3.74%      3.74% |       42724      3.10%      6.84% |       42751      3.10%      9.93% |       42737      3.10%     13.03% |       42804      3.10%     16.13% |       42843      3.10%     19.24% |       42788      3.10%     22.34% |       42820      3.10%     25.44% |       42784      3.10%     28.54% |       42835      3.10%     31.64% |       42962      3.11%     34.76% |       42876      3.11%     37.86% |       42938      3.11%     40.97% |       42954      3.11%     44.09% |       42927      3.11%     47.20% |       42898      3.11%     50.30% |       42808      3.10%     53.41% |       42732      3.10%     56.50% |       42719      3.10%     59.60% |       42847      3.10%     62.70% |       42857      3.11%     65.81% |       43093      3.12%     68.93% |       42980      3.11%     72.04% |       42953      3.11%     75.16% |       42828      3.10%     78.26% |       42867      3.11%     81.37% |       42741      3.10%     84.46% |       42830      3.10%     87.57% |       42900      3.11%     90.67% |       42957      3.11%     93.79% |       42824      3.10%     96.89% |       42926      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1380125                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       36570      3.13%      3.13% |       36459      3.12%      6.25% |       36441      3.12%      9.37% |       36509      3.12%     12.49% |       36512      3.12%     15.61% |       36524      3.12%     18.74% |       36507      3.12%     21.86% |       36502      3.12%     24.98% |       36484      3.12%     28.10% |       36452      3.12%     31.22% |       36475      3.12%     34.34% |       36554      3.13%     37.47% |       36605      3.13%     40.60% |       36599      3.13%     43.73% |       36553      3.13%     46.86% |       36519      3.12%     49.99% |       36524      3.12%     53.11% |       36499      3.12%     56.23% |       36455      3.12%     59.35% |       36476      3.12%     62.47% |       36618      3.13%     65.60% |       36602      3.13%     68.74% |       36520      3.12%     71.86% |       36517      3.12%     74.98% |       36515      3.12%     78.11% |       36477      3.12%     81.23% |       36488      3.12%     84.35% |       36574      3.13%     87.48% |       36609      3.13%     90.61% |       36612      3.13%     93.74% |       36588      3.13%     96.87% |       36535      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1168874                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          15      5.64%      5.64% |          16      6.02%     11.65% |          13      4.89%     16.54% |          17      6.39%     22.93% |          16      6.02%     28.95% |          13      4.89%     33.83% |          15      5.64%     39.47% |          21      7.89%     47.37% |           8      3.01%     50.38% |          12      4.51%     54.89% |           7      2.63%     57.52% |          10      3.76%     61.28% |           7      2.63%     63.91% |           7      2.63%     66.54% |           6      2.26%     68.80% |           8      3.01%     71.80% |           4      1.50%     73.31% |           3      1.13%     74.44% |           5      1.88%     76.32% |           6      2.26%     78.57% |           2      0.75%     79.32% |           4      1.50%     80.83% |           2      0.75%     81.58% |           6      2.26%     83.83% |           5      1.88%     85.71% |           3      1.13%     86.84% |           4      1.50%     88.35% |           9      3.38%     91.73% |           7      2.63%     94.36% |           5      1.88%     96.24% |           5      1.88%     98.12% |           5      1.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4374      3.17%      3.17% |        4411      3.20%      6.37% |        4452      3.23%      9.60% |        4591      3.33%     12.93% |        4524      3.28%     16.21% |        4924      3.57%     19.78% |        4489      3.26%     23.04% |        4538      3.29%     26.33% |        4426      3.21%     29.54% |        4395      3.19%     32.73% |        4344      3.15%     35.88% |        4446      3.22%     39.10% |        4326      3.14%     42.24% |        4440      3.22%     45.46% |        4354      3.16%     48.62% |        4390      3.18%     51.80% |        4205      3.05%     54.85% |        4222      3.06%     57.92% |        4106      2.98%     60.89% |        4130      3.00%     63.89% |        3981      2.89%     66.78% |        4103      2.98%     69.75% |        4014      2.91%     72.66% |        4184      3.03%     75.70% |        4085      2.96%     78.66% |        4171      3.03%     81.69% |        4158      3.02%     84.70% |        4237      3.07%     87.78% |        4169      3.02%     90.80% |        4213      3.06%     93.86% |        4173      3.03%     96.88% |        4298      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       137873                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.96%      0.96% |           4      3.85%      4.81% |           0      0.00%      4.81% |           0      0.00%      4.81% |           2      1.92%      6.73% |           4      3.85%     10.58% |           2      1.92%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           3      2.88%     15.38% |           3      2.88%     18.27% |           2      1.92%     20.19% |           2      1.92%     22.12% |           2      1.92%     24.04% |           5      4.81%     28.85% |           5      4.81%     33.65% |           1      0.96%     34.62% |           4      3.85%     38.46% |           4      3.85%     42.31% |           5      4.81%     47.12% |           0      0.00%     47.12% |           3      2.88%     50.00% |           2      1.92%     51.92% |           6      5.77%     57.69% |           4      3.85%     61.54% |           6      5.77%     67.31% |           7      6.73%     74.04% |           7      6.73%     80.77% |           5      4.81%     85.58% |          10      9.62%     95.19% |           5      4.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        3163      3.15%      3.15% |        3109      3.10%      6.25% |        3179      3.17%      9.42% |        3201      3.19%     12.61% |        3292      3.28%     15.89% |        3219      3.21%     19.09% |        3259      3.25%     22.34% |        3239      3.23%     25.57% |        3293      3.28%     28.85% |        3167      3.16%     32.00% |        3220      3.21%     35.21% |        3212      3.20%     38.41% |        3379      3.37%     41.78% |        3253      3.24%     45.02% |        3229      3.22%     48.24% |        3173      3.16%     51.40% |        3165      3.15%     54.55% |        3100      3.09%     57.64% |        3065      3.05%     60.70% |        2981      2.97%     63.67% |        2996      2.99%     66.65% |        3022      3.01%     69.66% |        3017      3.01%     72.67% |        2964      2.95%     75.62% |        3063      3.05%     78.67% |        3077      3.07%     81.74% |        3030      3.02%     84.76% |        2984      2.97%     87.73% |        3025      3.01%     90.74% |        3072      3.06%     93.81% |        3114      3.10%     96.91% |        3103      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total       100365                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      100110      9.04%      9.04% |       32890      2.97%     12.01% |       31438      2.84%     14.84% |       32458      2.93%     17.77% |       31569      2.85%     20.62% |       31021      2.80%     23.42% |       30887      2.79%     26.21% |       30855      2.79%     29.00% |       31164      2.81%     31.81% |       31538      2.85%     34.66% |       33132      2.99%     37.65% |       32626      2.95%     40.59% |       31572      2.85%     43.44% |       31430      2.84%     46.28% |       30802      2.78%     49.06% |       30974      2.80%     51.85% |       32131      2.90%     54.76% |       31788      2.87%     57.62% |       32223      2.91%     60.53% |       32414      2.93%     63.46% |       32385      2.92%     66.38% |       40491      3.65%     70.04% |       39044      3.52%     73.56% |       31625      2.85%     76.42% |       31785      2.87%     79.29% |       32353      2.92%     82.21% |       31718      2.86%     85.07% |       31459      2.84%     87.91% |       32129      2.90%     90.81% |       31409      2.84%     93.64% |       32343      2.92%     96.56% |       38070      3.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1107833                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       28307      5.92%      5.92% |       14236      2.98%      8.90% |       14248      2.98%     11.88% |       15180      3.17%     15.05% |       13947      2.92%     17.97% |       13716      2.87%     20.83% |       14022      2.93%     23.77% |       13520      2.83%     26.59% |       13730      2.87%     29.46% |       14086      2.95%     32.41% |       14196      2.97%     35.38% |       13632      2.85%     38.23% |       13454      2.81%     41.04% |       14001      2.93%     43.97% |       13403      2.80%     46.77% |       13496      2.82%     49.59% |       13584      2.84%     52.43% |       14060      2.94%     55.37% |       14096      2.95%     58.32% |       14052      2.94%     61.26% |       14157      2.96%     64.22% |       20378      4.26%     68.48% |       15620      3.27%     71.75% |       13827      2.89%     74.64% |       14259      2.98%     77.62% |       13889      2.90%     80.52% |       14235      2.98%     83.50% |       14128      2.95%     86.46% |       14648      3.06%     89.52% |       14409      3.01%     92.53% |       17168      3.59%     96.12% |       18549      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       478233                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       44118      3.86%      3.86% |       35409      3.10%      6.96% |       35396      3.10%     10.05% |       35434      3.10%     13.15% |       35472      3.10%     16.25% |       35471      3.10%     19.36% |       35469      3.10%     22.46% |       35453      3.10%     25.56% |       35450      3.10%     28.66% |       35415      3.10%     31.76% |       35423      3.10%     34.86% |       35477      3.10%     37.96% |       35512      3.11%     41.07% |       35522      3.11%     44.17% |       35436      3.10%     47.27% |       35395      3.10%     50.37% |       35460      3.10%     53.47% |       35415      3.10%     56.57% |       35397      3.10%     59.67% |       35400      3.10%     62.76% |       35454      3.10%     65.86% |       35484      3.10%     68.97% |       35454      3.10%     72.07% |       35413      3.10%     75.17% |       35448      3.10%     78.27% |       35420      3.10%     81.37% |       35451      3.10%     84.47% |       35506      3.11%     87.57% |       35555      3.11%     90.68% |       35530      3.11%     93.79% |       35517      3.11%     96.90% |       35480      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1143236                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       37197      3.13%      3.13% |       37038      3.12%      6.25% |       37019      3.12%      9.36% |       36944      3.11%     12.47% |       36966      3.11%     15.58% |       37089      3.12%     18.70% |       37013      3.11%     21.82% |       37057      3.12%     24.94% |       36945      3.11%     28.05% |       37057      3.12%     31.17% |       37153      3.13%     34.29% |       37109      3.12%     37.42% |       37096      3.12%     40.54% |       37183      3.13%     43.67% |       37137      3.13%     46.79% |       37145      3.13%     49.92% |       37097      3.12%     53.04% |       37045      3.12%     56.16% |       37097      3.12%     59.28% |       37198      3.13%     62.41% |       37210      3.13%     65.54% |       37379      3.15%     68.69% |       37252      3.14%     71.82% |       37263      3.14%     74.96% |       37141      3.13%     78.08% |       37183      3.13%     81.21% |       37097      3.12%     84.33% |       37167      3.13%     87.46% |       37195      3.13%     90.59% |       37362      3.14%     93.74% |       37176      3.13%     96.87% |       37244      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1188254                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         592      3.02%      3.02% |         596      3.04%      6.05% |         575      2.93%      8.98% |         534      2.72%     11.70% |         533      2.72%     14.42% |         473      2.41%     16.83% |         537      2.74%     19.56% |         485      2.47%     22.03% |         548      2.79%     24.82% |         484      2.47%     27.29% |         541      2.76%     30.04% |         472      2.40%     32.45% |         512      2.61%     35.06% |         501      2.55%     37.61% |         590      3.01%     40.61% |         553      2.82%     43.43% |         625      3.18%     46.62% |         606      3.09%     49.70% |         662      3.37%     53.07% |         635      3.23%     56.31% |         685      3.49%     59.80% |         647      3.30%     63.09% |         742      3.78%     66.87% |         658      3.35%     70.23% |         742      3.78%     74.01% |         731      3.72%     77.73% |         736      3.75%     81.48% |         706      3.60%     85.07% |         775      3.95%     89.02% |         718      3.66%     92.68% |         748      3.81%     96.49% |         689      3.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        19631                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      210677      5.34%      5.34% |      120501      3.05%      8.39% |      119034      3.02%     11.41% |      120939      3.06%     14.47% |      118885      3.01%     17.49% |      118211      3.00%     20.48% |      118300      3.00%     23.48% |      117764      2.98%     26.46% |      118175      2.99%     29.46% |      118971      3.01%     32.47% |      120794      3.06%     35.54% |      119721      3.03%     38.57% |      118528      3.00%     41.57% |      119002      3.02%     44.59% |      117651      2.98%     47.57% |      117850      2.99%     50.56% |      119119      3.02%     53.58% |      119135      3.02%     56.59% |      119672      3.03%     59.63% |      119916      3.04%     62.67% |      120079      3.04%     65.71% |      134606      3.41%     69.12% |      128262      3.25%     72.37% |      119013      3.02%     75.39% |      119529      3.03%     78.42% |      119722      3.03%     81.45% |      119393      3.03%     84.47% |      119154      3.02%     87.49% |      120445      3.05%     90.55% |      119625      3.03%     93.58% |      123140      3.12%     96.70% |      130270      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      3946083                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         524      2.99%      2.99% |         538      3.07%      6.06% |         529      3.02%      9.08% |         550      3.14%     12.22% |         492      2.81%     15.03% |         538      3.07%     18.10% |         518      2.96%     21.06% |         534      3.05%     24.11% |         527      3.01%     27.12% |         533      3.04%     30.16% |         551      3.15%     33.31% |         550      3.14%     36.45% |         530      3.03%     39.47% |         556      3.17%     42.65% |         544      3.11%     45.76% |         572      3.27%     49.02% |         543      3.10%     52.12% |         548      3.13%     55.25% |         563      3.21%     58.46% |         576      3.29%     61.75% |         541      3.09%     64.84% |         571      3.26%     68.10% |         563      3.21%     71.32% |         577      3.29%     74.61% |         569      3.25%     77.86% |         566      3.23%     81.09% |         551      3.15%     84.24% |         568      3.24%     87.48% |         535      3.05%     90.53% |         568      3.24%     93.78% |         555      3.17%     96.95% |         535      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        17515                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2587      3.15%      3.15% |        2494      3.04%      6.19% |        2480      3.02%      9.22% |        2519      3.07%     12.29% |        2524      3.08%     15.36% |        2434      2.97%     18.33% |        2456      2.99%     21.32% |        2485      3.03%     24.35% |        2530      3.08%     27.43% |        2530      3.08%     30.52% |        2532      3.09%     33.60% |        2535      3.09%     36.69% |        2581      3.15%     39.84% |        2518      3.07%     42.91% |        2592      3.16%     46.07% |        2599      3.17%     49.24% |        2537      3.09%     52.33% |        2614      3.19%     55.51% |        2530      3.08%     58.60% |        2606      3.18%     61.77% |        2697      3.29%     65.06% |        2702      3.29%     68.35% |        2648      3.23%     71.58% |        2668      3.25%     74.83% |        2591      3.16%     77.99% |        2617      3.19%     81.18% |        2561      3.12%     84.30% |        2597      3.17%     87.47% |        2618      3.19%     90.66% |        2540      3.10%     93.75% |        2550      3.11%     96.86% |        2574      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        82046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14      7.57%      7.57% |           0      0.00%      7.57% |           0      0.00%      7.57% |           1      0.54%      8.11% |          49     26.49%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |           0      0.00%     34.59% |          42     22.70%     57.30% |          45     24.32%     81.62% |          34     18.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          185                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           2      0.59%      0.59% |           2      0.59%      1.18% |           6      1.77%      2.95% |           4      1.18%      4.13% |           2      0.59%      4.72% |           6      1.77%      6.49% |           1      0.29%      6.78% |           2      0.59%      7.37% |           2      0.59%      7.96% |           4      1.18%      9.14% |          68     20.06%     29.20% |           5      1.47%     30.68% |           3      0.88%     31.56% |           3      0.88%     32.45% |           4      1.18%     33.63% |           3      0.88%     34.51% |           6      1.77%     36.28% |           2      0.59%     36.87% |           3      0.88%     37.76% |           2      0.59%     38.35% |           4      1.18%     39.53% |         117     34.51%     74.04% |          34     10.03%     84.07% |          13      3.83%     87.91% |          10      2.95%     90.86% |           6      1.77%     92.63% |           5      1.47%     94.10% |           6      1.77%     95.87% |           3      0.88%     96.76% |           3      0.88%     97.64% |           2      0.59%     98.23% |           6      1.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          339                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      1.02%      1.02% |           3      3.06%      4.08% |           0      0.00%      4.08% |           1      1.02%      5.10% |           2      2.04%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           2      2.04%      9.18% |           1      1.02%     10.20% |           0      0.00%     10.20% |           2      2.04%     12.24% |           4      4.08%     16.33% |           0      0.00%     16.33% |           2      2.04%     18.37% |           1      1.02%     19.39% |           3      3.06%     22.45% |           1      1.02%     23.47% |           2      2.04%     25.51% |           0      0.00%     25.51% |          63     64.29%     89.80% |           2      2.04%     91.84% |           0      0.00%     91.84% |           0      0.00%     91.84% |           2      2.04%     93.88% |           0      0.00%     93.88% |           0      0.00%     93.88% |           2      2.04%     95.92% |           1      1.02%     96.94% |           1      1.02%     97.96% |           2      2.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           98                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           3      4.17%      4.17% |           4      5.56%      9.72% |           2      2.78%     12.50% |           2      2.78%     15.28% |           0      0.00%     15.28% |           1      1.39%     16.67% |           1      1.39%     18.06% |           2      2.78%     20.83% |           2      2.78%     23.61% |           2      2.78%     26.39% |           1      1.39%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           3      4.17%     31.94% |           0      0.00%     31.94% |           1      1.39%     33.33% |           1      1.39%     34.72% |           0      0.00%     34.72% |           3      4.17%     38.89% |           5      6.94%     45.83% |           6      8.33%     54.17% |           2      2.78%     56.94% |           1      1.39%     58.33% |           1      1.39%     59.72% |           2      2.78%     62.50% |           3      4.17%     66.67% |           4      5.56%     72.22% |           2      2.78%     75.00% |           3      4.17%     79.17% |           2      2.78%     81.94% |           3      4.17%     86.11% |           5      6.94%     93.06% |           5      6.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           72                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       87679      3.46%      3.46% |       78612      3.10%      6.57% |       78626      3.11%      9.67% |       78672      3.11%     12.78% |       78768      3.11%     15.89% |       78776      3.11%     19.00% |       78739      3.11%     22.11% |       78790      3.11%     25.22% |       78767      3.11%     28.33% |       78725      3.11%     31.44% |       78902      3.12%     34.56% |       78905      3.12%     37.67% |       79122      3.12%     40.80% |       79054      3.12%     43.92% |       78961      3.12%     47.04% |       78906      3.12%     50.15% |       78825      3.11%     53.27% |       78744      3.11%     56.38% |       78675      3.11%     59.48% |       78783      3.11%     62.59% |       78920      3.12%     65.71% |       79182      3.13%     68.84% |       78955      3.12%     71.96% |       78907      3.12%     75.07% |       78836      3.11%     78.19% |       78885      3.12%     81.30% |       78713      3.11%     84.41% |       78843      3.11%     87.52% |       78950      3.12%     90.64% |       79094      3.12%     93.76% |       78934      3.12%     96.88% |       78960      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2532210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           6     11.76%     11.76% |           5      9.80%     21.57% |           4      7.84%     29.41% |           1      1.96%     31.37% |           4      7.84%     39.22% |           2      3.92%     43.14% |           3      5.88%     49.02% |           6     11.76%     60.78% |           3      5.88%     66.67% |           1      1.96%     68.63% |           1      1.96%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           1      1.96%     72.55% |           1      1.96%     74.51% |           2      3.92%     78.43% |           0      0.00%     78.43% |           0      0.00%     78.43% |           0      0.00%     78.43% |           1      1.96%     80.39% |           0      0.00%     80.39% |           1      1.96%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           1      1.96%     84.31% |           2      3.92%     88.24% |           1      1.96%     90.20% |           2      3.92%     94.12% |           2      3.92%     98.04% |           0      0.00%     98.04% |           0      0.00%     98.04% |           1      1.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           51                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         577      3.29%      3.29% |         536      3.06%      6.35% |         528      3.01%      9.37% |         548      3.13%     12.49% |         491      2.80%     15.30% |         538      3.07%     18.37% |         517      2.95%     21.32% |         532      3.04%     24.35% |         526      3.00%     27.35% |         532      3.04%     30.39% |         548      3.13%     33.52% |         548      3.13%     36.65% |         530      3.02%     39.67% |         555      3.17%     42.84% |         543      3.10%     45.94% |         571      3.26%     49.20% |         543      3.10%     52.29% |         546      3.12%     55.41% |         562      3.21%     58.62% |         575      3.28%     61.90% |         539      3.08%     64.98% |         568      3.24%     68.22% |         560      3.20%     71.41% |         574      3.28%     74.69% |         567      3.24%     77.92% |         564      3.22%     81.14% |         551      3.14%     84.29% |         568      3.24%     87.53% |         532      3.04%     90.57% |         567      3.24%     93.80% |         555      3.17%     96.97% |         531      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        17522                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.77%      5.77% |           2      3.85%      9.62% |           1      1.92%     11.54% |           2      3.85%     15.38% |           1      1.92%     17.31% |           0      0.00%     17.31% |           1      1.92%     19.23% |           3      5.77%     25.00% |           1      1.92%     26.92% |           2      3.85%     30.77% |           3      5.77%     36.54% |           2      3.85%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |           1      1.92%     42.31% |           1      1.92%     44.23% |           1      1.92%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           2      3.85%     50.00% |           1      1.92%     51.92% |           1      1.92%     53.85% |           2      3.85%     57.69% |           3      5.77%     63.46% |           3      5.77%     69.23% |           4      7.69%     76.92% |           2      3.85%     80.77% |           2      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           3      5.77%     90.38% |           1      1.92%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           4      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     13.16%     13.16% |           0      0.00%     13.16% |           0      0.00%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |          25     65.79%     89.47% |           1      2.63%     92.11% |           1      2.63%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           1      2.63%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14     20.90%     20.90% |          53     79.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           9      4.84%      4.84% |          11      5.91%     10.75% |           9      4.84%     15.59% |          14      7.53%     23.12% |          11      5.91%     29.03% |          11      5.91%     34.95% |          11      5.91%     40.86% |          15      8.06%     48.92% |           4      2.15%     51.08% |          11      5.91%     56.99% |           5      2.69%     59.68% |           7      3.76%     63.44% |           7      3.76%     67.20% |           6      3.23%     70.43% |           4      2.15%     72.58% |           6      3.23%     75.81% |           4      2.15%     77.96% |           2      1.08%     79.03% |           4      2.15%     81.18% |           2      1.08%     82.26% |           1      0.54%     82.80% |           3      1.61%     84.41% |           2      1.08%     85.48% |           4      2.15%     87.63% |           2      1.08%     88.71% |           2      1.08%     89.78% |           2      1.08%     90.86% |           3      1.61%     92.47% |           5      2.69%     95.16% |           4      2.15%     97.31% |           3      1.61%     98.92% |           2      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          186                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         313      3.06%      3.06% |         303      2.97%      6.03% |         314      3.07%      9.10% |         309      3.02%     12.12% |         322      3.15%     15.28% |         288      2.82%     18.09% |         299      2.93%     21.02% |         306      2.99%     24.01% |         303      2.97%     26.98% |         301      2.95%     29.92% |         314      3.07%     33.00% |         307      3.00%     36.00% |         339      3.32%     39.32% |         309      3.02%     42.34% |         353      3.45%     45.80% |         334      3.27%     49.07% |         324      3.17%     52.24% |         332      3.25%     55.48% |         306      2.99%     58.48% |         320      3.13%     61.61% |         415      4.06%     65.67% |         380      3.72%     69.39% |         321      3.14%     72.53% |         330      3.23%     75.76% |         299      2.93%     78.69% |         308      3.01%     81.70% |         293      2.87%     84.57% |         305      2.98%     87.55% |         331      3.24%     90.79% |         314      3.07%     93.86% |         308      3.01%     96.88% |         319      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        10219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           8      4.42%      4.42% |           9      4.97%      9.39% |           7      3.87%     13.26% |          14      7.73%     20.99% |          10      5.52%     26.52% |           9      4.97%     31.49% |           8      4.42%     35.91% |          11      6.08%     41.99% |           5      2.76%     44.75% |          12      6.63%     51.38% |           5      2.76%     54.14% |           7      3.87%     58.01% |           5      2.76%     60.77% |           6      3.31%     64.09% |           5      2.76%     66.85% |           5      2.76%     69.61% |           3      1.66%     71.27% |           6      3.31%     74.59% |           3      1.66%     76.24% |           5      2.76%     79.01% |           3      1.66%     80.66% |           3      1.66%     82.32% |           1      0.55%     82.87% |           4      2.21%     85.08% |           3      1.66%     86.74% |           2      1.10%     87.85% |           3      1.66%     89.50% |           6      3.31%     92.82% |           5      2.76%     95.58% |           3      1.66%     97.24% |           2      1.10%     98.34% |           3      1.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          181                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        2266      3.16%      3.16% |        2182      3.05%      6.21% |        2159      3.01%      9.22% |        2196      3.07%     12.29% |        2192      3.06%     15.35% |        2137      2.98%     18.33% |        2149      3.00%     21.33% |        2168      3.03%     24.35% |        2222      3.10%     27.46% |        2217      3.09%     30.55% |        2213      3.09%     33.64% |        2221      3.10%     36.74% |        2237      3.12%     39.86% |        2203      3.07%     42.94% |        2234      3.12%     46.05% |        2260      3.15%     49.21% |        2210      3.08%     52.29% |        2276      3.18%     55.47% |        2221      3.10%     58.57% |        2281      3.18%     61.75% |        2279      3.18%     64.93% |        2319      3.24%     68.17% |        2326      3.25%     71.42% |        2334      3.26%     74.68% |        2289      3.19%     77.87% |        2307      3.22%     81.09% |        2265      3.16%     84.25% |        2286      3.19%     87.44% |        2282      3.19%     90.63% |        2223      3.10%     93.73% |        2240      3.13%     96.86% |        2252      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        71646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     40.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2667      3.14%      3.14% |        2664      3.14%      6.28% |        2733      3.22%      9.49% |        2759      3.25%     12.74% |        2839      3.34%     16.08% |        2793      3.29%     19.37% |        2808      3.31%     22.67% |        2762      3.25%     25.93% |        2807      3.30%     29.23% |        2727      3.21%     32.44% |        2753      3.24%     35.68% |        2730      3.21%     38.89% |        2817      3.32%     42.21% |        2748      3.23%     45.44% |        2741      3.23%     48.67% |        2676      3.15%     51.82% |        2688      3.16%     54.99% |        2585      3.04%     58.03% |        2555      3.01%     61.04% |        2515      2.96%     64.00% |        2548      3.00%     67.00% |        2531      2.98%     69.97% |        2549      3.00%     72.97% |        2517      2.96%     75.94% |        2571      3.03%     78.96% |        2522      2.97%     81.93% |        2533      2.98%     84.91% |        2527      2.97%     87.89% |        2575      3.03%     90.92% |        2540      2.99%     93.91% |        2584      3.04%     96.95% |        2590      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        84954                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        3163      3.15%      3.15% |        3109      3.10%      6.25% |        3179      3.17%      9.42% |        3201      3.19%     12.61% |        3292      3.28%     15.89% |        3219      3.21%     19.09% |        3259      3.25%     22.34% |        3239      3.23%     25.57% |        3293      3.28%     28.85% |        3167      3.16%     32.00% |        3220      3.21%     35.21% |        3212      3.20%     38.41% |        3379      3.37%     41.78% |        3253      3.24%     45.02% |        3229      3.22%     48.24% |        3173      3.16%     51.40% |        3165      3.15%     54.55% |        3100      3.09%     57.64% |        3065      3.05%     60.70% |        2981      2.97%     63.67% |        2996      2.99%     66.65% |        3022      3.01%     69.66% |        3017      3.01%     72.67% |        2964      2.95%     75.62% |        3063      3.05%     78.67% |        3077      3.07%     81.74% |        3030      3.02%     84.76% |        2983      2.97%     87.73% |        3025      3.01%     90.74% |        3072      3.06%     93.81% |        3114      3.10%     96.91% |        3103      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total       100364                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |        2059      3.10%      3.10% |        2059      3.10%      6.20% |        2147      3.23%      9.43% |        2217      3.34%     12.76% |        2286      3.44%     16.20% |        2327      3.50%     19.71% |        2288      3.44%     23.15% |        2312      3.48%     26.63% |        2280      3.43%     30.06% |        2288      3.44%     33.50% |        2249      3.38%     36.89% |        2301      3.46%     40.35% |        2329      3.50%     43.85% |        2304      3.47%     47.32% |        2224      3.35%     50.67% |        2214      3.33%     54.00% |        2137      3.22%     57.21% |        2082      3.13%     60.35% |        1994      3.00%     63.35% |        1968      2.96%     66.31% |        1930      2.90%     69.21% |        1939      2.92%     72.13% |        1858      2.80%     74.93% |        1902      2.86%     77.79% |        1861      2.80%     80.59% |        1841      2.77%     83.36% |        1845      2.78%     86.13% |        1857      2.79%     88.93% |        1813      2.73%     91.66% |        1822      2.74%     94.40% |        1827      2.75%     97.15% |        1895      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        66455                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       49563      3.77%      3.77% |       40665      3.10%      6.87% |       40604      3.09%      9.96% |       40520      3.08%     13.04% |       40518      3.08%     16.13% |       40516      3.08%     19.21% |       40500      3.08%     22.30% |       40508      3.08%     25.38% |       40504      3.08%     28.46% |       40547      3.09%     31.55% |       40713      3.10%     34.65% |       40575      3.09%     37.74% |       40609      3.09%     40.83% |       40650      3.09%     43.92% |       40703      3.10%     47.02% |       40684      3.10%     50.12% |       40671      3.10%     53.21% |       40650      3.09%     56.31% |       40725      3.10%     59.41% |       40879      3.11%     62.52% |       40927      3.12%     65.64% |       41154      3.13%     68.77% |       41122      3.13%     71.90% |       41051      3.12%     75.02% |       40967      3.12%     78.14% |       41026      3.12%     81.26% |       40896      3.11%     84.38% |       40973      3.12%     87.50% |       41087      3.13%     90.62% |       41135      3.13%     93.76% |       40997      3.12%     96.88% |       41031      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1313670                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        2570      3.12%      3.12% |        2512      3.05%      6.16% |        2605      3.16%      9.33% |        2667      3.24%     12.56% |        2762      3.35%     15.91% |        2760      3.35%     19.26% |        2756      3.34%     22.60% |        2804      3.40%     26.00% |        2803      3.40%     29.40% |        2750      3.34%     32.74% |        2738      3.32%     36.06% |        2800      3.40%     39.46% |        2932      3.56%     43.02% |        2829      3.43%     46.45% |        2729      3.31%     49.76% |        2727      3.31%     53.07% |        2654      3.22%     56.29% |        2619      3.18%     59.46% |        2519      3.06%     62.52% |        2452      2.97%     65.49% |        2399      2.91%     68.40% |        2450      2.97%     71.37% |        2337      2.83%     74.21% |        2363      2.87%     77.08% |        2378      2.88%     79.96% |        2406      2.92%     82.88% |        2353      2.85%     85.73% |        2320      2.81%     88.55% |        2278      2.76%     91.31% |        2371      2.88%     94.19% |        2373      2.88%     97.07% |        2418      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        82434                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       36570      3.13%      3.13% |       36459      3.12%      6.25% |       36441      3.12%      9.37% |       36509      3.12%     12.49% |       36512      3.12%     15.61% |       36524      3.12%     18.74% |       36507      3.12%     21.86% |       36502      3.12%     24.98% |       36484      3.12%     28.10% |       36452      3.12%     31.22% |       36475      3.12%     34.34% |       36554      3.13%     37.47% |       36605      3.13%     40.60% |       36599      3.13%     43.73% |       36553      3.13%     46.86% |       36519      3.12%     49.99% |       36524      3.12%     53.11% |       36499      3.12%     56.23% |       36455      3.12%     59.35% |       36476      3.12%     62.47% |       36618      3.13%     65.60% |       36602      3.13%     68.74% |       36520      3.12%     71.86% |       36517      3.12%     74.98% |       36515      3.12%     78.11% |       36477      3.12%     81.23% |       36488      3.12%     84.35% |       36574      3.13%     87.48% |       36609      3.13%     90.61% |       36612      3.13%     93.74% |       36588      3.13%     96.87% |       36535      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1168874                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          56      2.00%      2.00% |          77      2.75%      4.74% |          65      2.32%      7.06% |          60      2.14%      9.20% |          56      2.00%     11.20% |          56      2.00%     13.20% |          71      2.53%     15.73% |          51      1.82%     17.55% |          79      2.82%     20.36% |          64      2.28%     22.65% |          82      2.92%     25.57% |          68      2.43%     28.00% |          69      2.46%     30.46% |          83      2.96%     33.42% |         117      4.17%     37.59% |         101      3.60%     41.19% |          98      3.50%     44.69% |         101      3.60%     48.29% |         101      3.60%     51.89% |         113      4.03%     55.92% |          93      3.32%     59.24% |          70      2.50%     61.73% |         122      4.35%     66.08% |         100      3.57%     69.65% |          98      3.50%     73.15% |         118      4.21%     77.35% |         102      3.64%     80.99% |         111      3.96%     84.95% |         101      3.60%     88.55% |         107      3.82%     92.37% |         109      3.89%     96.26% |         105      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      214550      5.27%      5.27% |      124250      3.05%      8.33% |      122731      3.02%     11.34% |      124667      3.06%     14.41% |      122546      3.01%     17.42% |      121777      2.99%     20.41% |      121916      3.00%     23.41% |      121385      2.98%     26.39% |      121882      3.00%     29.39% |      122623      3.01%     32.40% |      124516      3.06%     35.46% |      123387      3.03%     38.50% |      122240      3.00%     41.50% |      122680      3.02%     44.52% |      121461      2.99%     47.50% |      121673      2.99%     50.49% |      122910      3.02%     53.51% |      122997      3.02%     56.54% |      123499      3.04%     59.57% |      123821      3.04%     62.61% |      124087      3.05%     65.66% |      138625      3.41%     69.07% |      132306      3.25%     72.32% |      123020      3.02%     75.35% |      123526      3.04%     78.38% |      123745      3.04%     81.42% |      123337      3.03%     84.46% |      123134      3.03%     87.48% |      124473      3.06%     90.54% |      123565      3.04%     93.58% |      127096      3.12%     96.70% |      134185      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4068610                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      3.45%      3.45% |           0      0.00%      3.45% |           0      0.00%      3.45% |           2      3.45%      6.90% |           1      1.72%      8.62% |           1      1.72%     10.34% |           0      0.00%     10.34% |           2      3.45%     13.79% |           2      3.45%     17.24% |           2      3.45%     20.69% |           2      3.45%     24.14% |           1      1.72%     25.86% |           3      5.17%     31.03% |           2      3.45%     34.48% |           1      1.72%     36.21% |           2      3.45%     39.66% |           4      6.90%     46.55% |           4      6.90%     53.45% |           0      0.00%     53.45% |           1      1.72%     55.17% |           1      1.72%     56.90% |           2      3.45%     60.34% |           3      5.17%     65.52% |           2      3.45%     68.97% |           7     12.07%     81.03% |           4      6.90%     87.93% |           4      6.90%     94.83% |           0      0.00%     94.83% |           3      5.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total           58                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         585      3.05%      3.05% |         590      3.08%      6.13% |         564      2.94%      9.07% |         525      2.74%     11.81% |         514      2.68%     14.50% |         452      2.36%     16.85% |         518      2.70%     19.56% |         480      2.50%     22.06% |         535      2.79%     24.85% |         464      2.42%     27.28% |         523      2.73%     30.00% |         453      2.36%     32.37% |         501      2.61%     34.98% |         494      2.58%     37.56% |         570      2.97%     40.53% |         536      2.80%     43.33% |         611      3.19%     46.52% |         595      3.10%     49.62% |         646      3.37%     53.00% |         630      3.29%     56.28% |         661      3.45%     59.73% |         629      3.28%     63.01% |         728      3.80%     66.81% |         641      3.34%     70.16% |         725      3.78%     73.94% |         721      3.76%     77.70% |         724      3.78%     81.48% |         696      3.63%     85.11% |         763      3.98%     89.09% |         698      3.64%     92.74% |         721      3.76%     96.50% |         671      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        19164                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           7      1.52%      1.52% |           6      1.30%      2.81% |          11      2.38%      5.19% |           9      1.95%      7.14% |          19      4.11%     11.26% |          21      4.55%     15.80% |          19      4.11%     19.91% |           5      1.08%     21.00% |          13      2.81%     23.81% |          20      4.33%     28.14% |          18      3.90%     32.03% |          19      4.11%     36.15% |          11      2.38%     38.53% |           7      1.52%     40.04% |          20      4.33%     44.37% |          17      3.68%     48.05% |          14      3.03%     51.08% |          11      2.38%     53.46% |          16      3.46%     56.93% |           5      1.08%     58.01% |          24      5.19%     63.20% |          16      3.46%     66.67% |          14      3.03%     69.70% |          17      3.68%     73.38% |          17      3.68%     77.06% |          10      2.16%     79.22% |          11      2.38%     81.60% |          10      2.16%     83.77% |          12      2.60%     86.36% |          20      4.33%     90.69% |          27      5.84%     96.54% |          16      3.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           7      1.52%      1.52% |           6      1.30%      2.81% |          11      2.38%      5.19% |           9      1.95%      7.14% |          19      4.11%     11.26% |          21      4.55%     15.80% |          19      4.11%     19.91% |           5      1.08%     21.00% |          13      2.81%     23.81% |          20      4.33%     28.14% |          18      3.90%     32.03% |          19      4.11%     36.15% |          11      2.38%     38.53% |           7      1.52%     40.04% |          20      4.33%     44.37% |          17      3.68%     48.05% |          14      3.03%     51.08% |          11      2.38%     53.46% |          16      3.46%     56.93% |           5      1.08%     58.01% |          24      5.19%     63.20% |          16      3.46%     66.67% |          14      3.03%     69.70% |          17      3.68%     73.38% |          17      3.68%     77.06% |          10      2.16%     79.22% |          11      2.38%     81.60% |          10      2.16%     83.77% |          12      2.60%     86.36% |          20      4.33%     90.69% |          27      5.84%     96.54% |          16      3.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           3     42.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         585      3.05%      3.05% |         590      3.08%      6.13% |         564      2.94%      9.07% |         525      2.74%     11.81% |         514      2.68%     14.49% |         452      2.36%     16.85% |         518      2.70%     19.55% |         480      2.50%     22.06% |         535      2.79%     24.85% |         464      2.42%     27.27% |         523      2.73%     30.00% |         453      2.36%     32.36% |         501      2.61%     34.97% |         494      2.58%     37.55% |         570      2.97%     40.52% |         536      2.80%     43.32% |         611      3.19%     46.51% |         595      3.10%     49.61% |         646      3.37%     52.98% |         630      3.29%     56.27% |         661      3.45%     59.72% |         631      3.29%     63.01% |         728      3.80%     66.81% |         641      3.34%     70.15% |         725      3.78%     73.93% |         721      3.76%     77.69% |         725      3.78%     81.48% |         696      3.63%     85.11% |         763      3.98%     89.09% |         698      3.64%     92.73% |         721      3.76%     96.49% |         673      3.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        19169                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |     1558954     24.92%     24.92% |     3127375     50.00%     74.92% |      195501      3.13%     78.05% |      196114      3.14%     81.19% |      195850      3.13%     84.32% |      196158      3.14%     87.45% |      196330      3.14%     90.59% |      196543      3.14%     93.73% |      196087      3.14%     96.87% |      195838      3.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      6254750                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |     1558954     24.92%     24.92% |     3127375     50.00%     74.92% |      195501      3.13%     78.05% |      196114      3.14%     81.19% |      195850      3.13%     84.32% |      196158      3.14%     87.45% |      196330      3.14%     90.59% |      196543      3.14%     93.73% |      196087      3.14%     96.87% |      195838      3.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      6254750                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |     1558954     24.92%     24.92% |     3127375     50.00%     74.92% |      195501      3.13%     78.05% |      196114      3.14%     81.19% |      195850      3.13%     84.32% |      196158      3.14%     87.45% |      196330      3.14%     90.59% |      196543      3.14%     93.73% |      196087      3.14%     96.87% |      195838      3.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      6254750                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |     1558954     24.92%     24.92% |     3127375     50.00%     74.92% |      195501      3.13%     78.05% |      196114      3.14%     81.19% |      195850      3.13%     84.32% |      196158      3.14%     87.45% |      196330      3.14%     90.59% |      196543      3.14%     93.73% |      196087      3.14%     96.87% |      195838      3.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      6254750                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
