
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.091555                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 91554927000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5267723005500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  22918                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    40682                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               51870938                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5544416                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1765.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    40451551                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      71805159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21125888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21125888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11911424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11911424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       330092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             330092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    230745506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            230745506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130101398                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           130101398                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    360846905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           360846905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     330092                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186116                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   330092                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186116                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21123328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11911296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21125888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11911424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            20975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            20982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    34967                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     5288                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  91554363500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               330092                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186116                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 133112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  16511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  14227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  12697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  11884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  10999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   9769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   8823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   7653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   6826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  5970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  5446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  5015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  4524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  4138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  3764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  3299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  1595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 36921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  30575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  32523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  33393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  33647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  33748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   6703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   6141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   9386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       140439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   235.217625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.179230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   191.401109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39794     28.34%     28.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39432     28.08%     56.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40151     28.59%     85.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7012      4.99%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7460      5.31%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1995      1.42%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1341      0.95%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1080      0.77%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2174      1.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       140439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.616070                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.478239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31082     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        31089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.986490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.689389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.395972                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          26827     86.29%     86.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2566      8.25%     94.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1007      3.24%     97.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          689      2.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        31089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 27681957597                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            33870432597                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1650260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    83871.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              102621.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      230.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      130.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   230.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   130.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  258100                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 117616                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               63.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    177359.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15196597500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3057080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    73298057500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              534696120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              526962240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              291748875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              287529000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1291446000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1282803600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604324800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601661520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        37679704650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        36964013220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21878220000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22506019500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          68259788925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          68148637560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          745.593147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          744.379055                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20697600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20697600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11492928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11492928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    226067571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            226067571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    125530415                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           125530415                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    351597987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           351597987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323400                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179577                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323400                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179577                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20695680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11492672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20697600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11492928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    32761                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     5049                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  91554093000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323400                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179577                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 130306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  13682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  12817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  11901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  11119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   9977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   9020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   7654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   6747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  6063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  5522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  5023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  4648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  4125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 34560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  29433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  31165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  32036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  32582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  32684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   6525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   9155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       131026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   245.658480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.017319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.733402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        35099     26.79%     26.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34556     26.37%     53.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40075     30.59%     83.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6976      5.32%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7343      5.60%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2185      1.67%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1462      1.12%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1088      0.83%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2242      1.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       131026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.803702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.628666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        29921     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        29929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.999967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.695030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.426664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          25703     85.88%     85.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2502      8.36%     94.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1044      3.49%     97.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          680      2.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        29929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 26790241316                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            32853428816                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1616850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    82847.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              101597.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      226.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      125.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   226.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   125.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.40                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  255085                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 116825                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               65.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    182024.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15396856000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3057080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    73097812500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              499587480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              490953960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              272592375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              267881625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1266345600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1255807800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583413840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580219200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        37172158695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        36215629155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22323435750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23162496750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          68097182220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          67952636970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          743.817015                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          742.238165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20692224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20692224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11495168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11495168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    226008853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            226008853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    125554881                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           125554881                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    351563734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           351563734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323316                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179612                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323316                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179612                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20691264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11495040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20692224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11495168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    35548                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     5472                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  91554785500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323316                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179612                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 130490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  13842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  13425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  12388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  11373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  10678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   9707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   8927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   7677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   6861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  6159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  5586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  4848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  4462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 37375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  29346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  30991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  31756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  32333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  32650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   6635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   6208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       131243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   245.238161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.843595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.900741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        35297     26.89%     26.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34242     26.09%     52.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40371     30.76%     83.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6991      5.33%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7577      5.77%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2052      1.56%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1384      1.05%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1129      0.86%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2200      1.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       131243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29871                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.822704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.683920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        29866     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        29871                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.012855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.703369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.444229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          25578     85.63%     85.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2559      8.57%     94.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1047      3.51%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          687      2.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        29871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 27479881906                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            33541775656                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1616505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    84997.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              103747.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      226.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      125.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   226.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   125.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.41                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  254725                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 116936                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               65.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    182043.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15441902500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3057080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    73052018750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              502218360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              489956040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              274027875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              267337125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1265440800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1256197800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583614720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580258080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        37064907495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        36145448190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22417515750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23224059000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          68087373480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          67942904715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          743.709875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          742.131861                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20683776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20683776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11490368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11490368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             323184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    225916580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            225916580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    125502454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           125502454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    351419034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           351419034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     323185                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179537                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   323185                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179537                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20683136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11490368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20683840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11490368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    34238                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     5367                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  91554185500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               323185                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179537                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 129990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  14176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  13599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  12737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  11694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  10824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   9946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   8848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   7562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   6862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  6168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  5599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  4495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  4013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 36156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  29348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  31052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  31782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  32378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  32547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   6507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   6233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       131153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   245.307389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.993688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.999905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        35059     26.73%     26.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34588     26.37%     53.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40261     30.70%     83.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7005      5.34%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7442      5.67%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2087      1.59%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1350      1.03%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1139      0.87%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2222      1.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       131153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.816058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.168451                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        29869     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        29879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.008802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.699486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.447157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          25632     85.79%     85.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2526      8.45%     94.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1017      3.40%     97.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          704      2.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        29879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 27163264394                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            33222776894                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1615870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    84051.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              102801.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      225.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      125.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   225.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   125.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.40                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  254625                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 116927                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               65.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    182116.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15166461250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3057080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    73327699250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              500154480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              491324400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              272901750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              268083750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1264567200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1256080800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583355520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580011840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        36915150825                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        36124504965                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22548881250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23242430250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          68064659505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          67942084485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          743.461773                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          742.122902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3983                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4863                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              468068                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115068                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1791500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16878149                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 42.517030                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.748737                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                57.068475                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16608866     98.40%     98.40% |      224322      1.33%     99.73% |       41257      0.24%     99.98% |        3685      0.02%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16878149                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31851953                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.425954                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.820201                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.987175                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    28561640     89.67%     89.67% |     1783528      5.60%     95.27% |      675697      2.12%     97.39% |      391296      1.23%     98.62% |      210442      0.66%     99.28% |      111959      0.35%     99.63% |       60337      0.19%     99.82% |       38239      0.12%     99.94% |       18815      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31851953                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31851951                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              30.089838                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.469379                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            139.209731                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31724737     99.60%     99.60% |      103875      0.33%     99.93% |       18558      0.06%     99.98% |        3675      0.01%    100.00% |         826      0.00%    100.00% |         206      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31851951                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        28782127                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.011547                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.008795                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.158066                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    28595339     99.35%     99.35% |       85328      0.30%     99.65% |       62960      0.22%     99.87% |       32895      0.11%     99.98% |        5600      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          28782127                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3069824                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        283.971106                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       182.610026                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       360.202905                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2942610     95.86%     95.86% |      103875      3.38%     99.24% |       18558      0.60%     99.84% |        3675      0.12%     99.96% |         826      0.03%     99.99% |         206      0.01%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3069824                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         579562                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       579562                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          249                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          243                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          319                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          242                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     19331404                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       686191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20017595                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9040341                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123425                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9163766                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       694813                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30610                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       219812                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1717964                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54329                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        26024                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       140888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        62415                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25710                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166911                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        62302                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25079                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        62218                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        62185                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141456                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166911                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        62112                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24888                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       142024                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        62287                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141604                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        62473                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25351                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        62349                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25693                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141219                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles        62622                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25978                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses       140923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles        62567                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        26084                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses       140828                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles        62351                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25913                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses       140999                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles        62372                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        26004                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses       140903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166907                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles        62455                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25887                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141025                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles        62434                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        26217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses       140695                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles        62332                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25795                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles        62633                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       113909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50640                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       164549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        50272                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        94206                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        50884                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        44041                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        94925                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        50437                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43985                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        94422                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        49891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        44018                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        93909                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        49492                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43948                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        93440                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        48414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43988                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        92402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        48658                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43967                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        92625                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        50241                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43985                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        94226                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        49643                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43993                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        93636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        49688                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43979                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        93667                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        49467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43941                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        93408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        48584                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43961                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        92545                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        48988                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43990                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        92978                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        51445                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        44023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        95468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        49302                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43944                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        93246                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        48725                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43900                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        92625                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        49157                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        44017                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        93174                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        49527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        44029                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        93556                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        48799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43962                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        92761                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        49829                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        43853                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        93682                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        49645                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43976                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        93621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        50297                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43928                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        94225                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        49695                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43953                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        93648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        52933                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43909                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        96842                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        53757                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        43887                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        97644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        48940                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        43948                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        92888                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        49139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43900                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        93039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        48829                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        92753                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        48031                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43972                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        92003                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        48549                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43988                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        92537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        51179                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43996                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        95175                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        48148                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     16499913                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     16499913                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     17095022                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16499913                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7822757                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7768925                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     16499912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.090109                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     10650439                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     10650439                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11484176                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10650439                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6113689                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5958863                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     10650439                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.058164                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7770558                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7770558                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8228988                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7770558                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3358222                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3326222                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7770558                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.042437                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      7247143                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      7247143                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7722859                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7247143                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3239381                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3211387                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      7247143                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.039578                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8199556                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8199556                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8696749                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8199556                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4066287                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4020208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8199556                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.044779                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8136630                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8136630                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8699919                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8136630                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4093024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4036274                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8136630                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.044436                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9881538                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9881538                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10538707                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9881538                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4196445                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4149934                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9881538                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.053965                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      8459529                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      8459529                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9139029                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8459529                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3885416                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3841781                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      8459529                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.046199                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      5050839                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      5050839                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5326870                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5050839                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2264115                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2246603                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      5050839                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.027584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      6413841                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      6413841                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6874378                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6413841                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3013753                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2986757                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      6413841                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.035027                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      6293771                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      6293771                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6779646                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6293771                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2823096                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2791399                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      6293771                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.034372                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      5088504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      5088504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5341772                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5088504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2250759                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2234580                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      5088504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.027789                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      6466462                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      6466462                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6861285                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6466462                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3010206                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2986498                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      6466462                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.035315                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      5911564                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      5911564                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6342360                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5911564                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2657533                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2628792                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      5911564                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.032284                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4256049                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4256049                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4510313                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4256049                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1971595                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1954661                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4256049                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.023243                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5707536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5707536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6132861                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5707536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2740892                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2684916                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5707536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.031170                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      6703975                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      6703975                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7137668                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6703975                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3118961                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3060155                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      6703975                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.036612                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6028727                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6028727                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6400758                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6028727                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2844463                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2819435                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6028727                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.032924                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      4397635                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      4397635                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4536148                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4397635                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2015774                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2010447                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      4397635                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.024016                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3013834                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3013834                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3117434                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3013834                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1354890                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1350662                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3013834                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.016459                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1839244                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1839244                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1848839                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1839244                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       869943                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       869660                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1839244                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010044                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2226218                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2226218                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2240902                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2226218                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1139212                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1138114                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2226218                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012158                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2192927                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2192927                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2209547                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2192927                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1086534                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1085575                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2192927                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011976                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1541703                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1541703                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1545846                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1541703                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       737498                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       737203                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1541703                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.008420                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1782014                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1782014                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1791328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1782014                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       814239                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       813966                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1782014                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.009732                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2193947                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2193947                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2208554                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2193947                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1118556                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1117563                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2193947                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.011982                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2181826                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2181826                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2199019                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2181826                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1076282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1075346                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2181826                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011915                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1541612                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1541612                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1546495                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1541612                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       735031                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       734716                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1541612                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.008419                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7642210                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7642210                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8292976                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7642210                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3311126                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3280222                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7642210                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.041736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7656840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7656840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8196911                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7656840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3343026                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3321404                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7656840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.041816                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8637705                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8637705                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9484567                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8637705                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3799587                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3748997                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8637705                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.047172                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8279651                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8279651                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8985568                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8279651                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3680442                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3645171                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8279650                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.045217                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13199903     28.47%     28.47% |    30219999     65.18%     93.65% |     2944836      6.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     46364738                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13199904     28.47%     28.47% |    30220000     65.18%     93.65% |     2944836      6.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     46364740                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   461904235                       |   811939301                       |    73519293                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   401365241                       |   146903357                       |     2989765                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   34.993002                       |   26.867615                       |   24.965497                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   30.406681                       |    4.861130                       |    1.015257                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.060076                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    11.889604                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         40.949680                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004189                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.091617      7.10%      7.10% |    0.090968      7.05%     14.15% |    0.090621      7.02%     21.17% |    0.090181      6.99%     28.16% |    0.210206     16.29%     44.46% |    0.210025     16.28%     60.73% |    0.210022     16.28%     77.01% |    0.209714     16.25%     93.26% |    0.021724      1.68%     94.95% |    0.021729      1.68%     96.63% |    0.021724      1.68%     98.32% |    0.021724      1.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.290256                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.032408                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023666                       |    0.000000                       |    0.003050                       |    0.003076                       |    0.003116                       |    0.003114                       |    0.003101                       |    0.003145                       |    0.003124                       |    0.003115                       |    0.003116                       |    0.003047                       |    0.003058                       |    0.003102                       |    0.003030                       |    0.003053                       |    0.003100                       |    0.003045                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006407                       |    0.003886                       |    0.003833                       |    0.003869                       |    0.003842                       |    0.003843                       |    0.003837                       |    0.003817                       |    0.003831                       |    0.003908                       |    0.003907                       |    0.003891                       |    0.003875                       |    0.003853                       |    0.003823                       |    0.003831                       |    0.003880                       |    0.003861                       |    0.003865                       |    0.003857                       |    0.003846                       |    0.003926                       |    0.003851                       |    0.003832                       |    0.003851                       |    0.003863                       |    0.003839                       |    0.003860                       |    0.003863                       |    0.003876                       |    0.003962                       |    0.003991                       |    0.010807                       |    0.010586                       |    0.010583                       |    0.010579                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |    0.002423                       |    0.005593                       |    0.000197                       |    0.000200                       |    0.000200                       |    0.000202                       |    0.000199                       |    0.000202                       |    0.000196                       |    0.000198                       |    0.000197                       |    0.000198                       |    0.000198                       |    0.000196                       |    0.000195                       |    0.000196                       |    0.000197                       |    0.000199                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003484                       |    0.000133                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003977                       |    0.002450                       |    0.004584                       |    0.003466                       |    0.000196                       |    0.004220                       |    0.009251                       |    0.005867                       |           0                       |    0.003487                       |    0.007532                       |           0                       |    0.011035                       |    0.013992                       |    0.005689                       |    0.004551                       |    0.003463                       |    0.000197                       |    0.012176                       |    0.010085                       |    0.011964                       |    0.004568                       |    0.003486                       |    0.000200                       |    0.014662                       |    0.009814                       |    0.006848                       |           0                       |    0.003474                       |    0.007316                       |           0                       |    0.015547                       |    0.010053                       |    0.005425                       |    0.004552                       |    0.003497                       |    0.000198                       |    0.009401                       |    0.004072                       |    0.006069                       |           0                       |    0.003482                       |           0                       |    0.003851                       |    0.002399                       |           0                       |    0.003544                       |           0                       |    0.001847                       |    0.003926                       |    0.002841                       |    0.004578                       |    0.003505                       |    0.000198                       |    0.005420                       |    0.004263                       |    0.009254                       |    0.007808                       |    0.004592                       |    0.003468                       |    0.000200                       |    0.005639                       |    0.011969                       |    0.012587                       |    0.006323                       |    0.025930                       |    0.005300                       |    0.002423                       |    0.006702                       |    0.018025                       |    0.022664                       |    0.009065                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003492                       |    0.005593                       |    0.006802                       |    0.016231                       |    0.016845                       |    0.009199                       |    0.004600                       |    0.003458                       |    0.000202                       |    0.008139                       |    0.012422                       |    0.010825                       |    0.004791                       |    0.004553                       |    0.003495                       |    0.000198                       |    0.006751                       |    0.009451                       |    0.004199                       |    0.006668                       |           0                       |    0.003485                       |           0                       |    0.001809                       |    0.003863                       |    0.002825                       |           0                       |    0.003482                       |           0                       |    0.001518                       |    0.003851                       |    0.003125                       |    0.004576                       |    0.003510                       |    0.000197                       |    0.006044                       |    0.004164                       |    0.009174                       |    0.006706                       |           0                       |    0.003568                       |    0.007316                       |           0                       |    0.004654                       |    0.010986                       |    0.013926                       |    0.006723                       |    0.004579                       |    0.003464                       |    0.000199                       |    0.016831                       |    0.012149                       |    0.010021                       |    0.006723                       |    0.004605                       |    0.003453                       |    0.000202                       |    0.006751                       |    0.014713                       |    0.009728                       |    0.006748                       |           0                       |    0.003558                       |    0.007313                       |           0                       |    0.005555                       |    0.015641                       |    0.010040                       |    0.003110                       |    0.004559                       |    0.003463                       |    0.000196                       |    0.007428                       |    0.009382                       |    0.004164                       |    0.003092                       |           0                       |    0.003476                       |           0                       |    0.001520                       |    0.003839                       |    0.003080                       |           0                       |    0.003467                       |           0                       |    0.001120                       |    0.003832                       |    0.004550                       |    0.003453                       |    0.000195                       |    0.004506                       |    0.001462                       |    0.009078                       |    0.004554                       |    0.003458                       |    0.000196                       |    0.004980                       |    0.005657                       |    0.012324                       |    0.004561                       |    0.003500                       |    0.000197                       |    0.009124                       |    0.008290                       |    0.010940                       |    0.004555                       |    0.003474                       |    0.000199                       |    0.004174                       |    0.010388                       |    0.010134                       |           0                       |    0.003490                       |           0                       |    0.006746                       |    0.008131                       |    0.005649                       |           0                       |    0.003487                       |           0                       |    0.004585                       |    0.006908                       |    0.001479                       |           0                       |    0.003472                       |           0                       |    0.001087                       |    0.003860                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.290256                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         7827854                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      7827854                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343202                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5667787                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5139739                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.683348                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          515617                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30769                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12382030                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14065573                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138464                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12455160                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14204037                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  26447603                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211594                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              26659197                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9170694                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9542                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9180236                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9170694                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9542                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9180236                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                179360154                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     30534346                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               47237731                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             7827854                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5655356                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             143649476                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          784920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       176955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       276989                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       329135                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9170089                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    175504206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.493158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.692796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        158220675     90.15%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1706904      0.97%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2525855      1.44%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           674291      0.38%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3804758      2.17%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           992535      0.57%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1323105      0.75%     96.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           399245      0.23%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          5856838      3.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    175504206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.043643                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.263368                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11351367                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     152035791                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6091632                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5632949                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392460                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82964023                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392460                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13735241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        92955499                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10669897                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9156608                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      48594494                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       81396342                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        3688898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     87621459                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     192658128                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    121087462                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      76456358                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11165073                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292574                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296280                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          37620156                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6401469                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14381065                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1163078                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1000273                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           79947006                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       471649                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          83591562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270785                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8344780                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13315179                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96368                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    175504206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    142492805     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13023292      7.42%     88.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6967464      3.97%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4219228      2.40%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3642436      2.08%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2468203      1.41%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023712      1.15%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413901      0.24%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253165      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    175504206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104540     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784741     77.88%     88.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118350     11.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338311      0.40%      0.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      56708125     67.84%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43646      0.05%     68.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12205665     14.60%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14243752     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       83591562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.466054                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007631                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012054                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    343965465                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     88771049                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76442523                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       84260741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1396888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209116                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2679                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       556941                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7153437                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392460                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5015091                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84067239                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     80418655                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98486                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6401469                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14381065                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       462794                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          79027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123930                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282327                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406257                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      82980528                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12015218                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             26097729                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6504447                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14082511                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.462648                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               76543048                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              76442628                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39577238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          61478727                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.426196                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.643755                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8530160                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       375281                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356322                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    174091859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    147284385     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11462837      6.58%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6639421      3.81%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2418079      1.39%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1422204      0.82%     97.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959130      0.55%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508672      0.29%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904306      0.52%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2492825      1.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    174091859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     40451550                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       71805156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               19016465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5192349                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6060205                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          71404088                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       437536                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147629      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     52547964     73.18%     73.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5192349      7.23%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     13824116     19.25%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     71805156                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2492825                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            251801914                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           162093646                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3855948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            40451550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              71805156                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.433950                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.433950                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.225533                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.225533                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        125459138                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        55466504                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          31651138                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25777508                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        39510144                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289218                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               3742523500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            3742523499.999997                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8159120                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        57.273481                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       36.822567                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       78.390116                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     7889907     96.70%     96.70% |      224252      2.75%     99.45% |       41257      0.51%     99.95% |        3685      0.05%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8159120                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8397306                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        28.768932                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.017230                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.701121                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8299914     98.84%     98.84% |       94333      1.12%     99.96% |        2741      0.03%    100.00% |         248      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8397306                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        321723                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        27.122826                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.915759                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.627127                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       41605     12.93%     12.93% |      168700     52.44%     65.37% |       99239     30.85%     96.21% |       11902      3.70%     99.91% |         272      0.08%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          321723                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          7916530                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           72.846606                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           7.964351                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         227.153716                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     7825460     98.85%     98.85% |       73786      0.93%     99.78% |       13751      0.17%     99.96% |        2719      0.03%     99.99% |         631      0.01%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            7916530                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6051180                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.043140                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.032556                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.311964                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5913798     97.73%     97.73% |       54045      0.89%     98.62% |       48581      0.80%     99.43% |       29189      0.48%     99.91% |        5565      0.09%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6051180                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1865350                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     299.288476                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    182.595902                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    389.746477                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1774280     95.12%     95.12% |       73786      3.96%     99.07% |       13751      0.74%     99.81% |        2719      0.15%     99.96% |         631      0.03%     99.99% |         127      0.01%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1865350                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         14543336                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           23.489210                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.093189                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         113.026112                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    14507215     99.75%     99.75% |       30071      0.21%     99.96% |        4802      0.03%     99.99% |         956      0.01%    100.00% |         195      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           14543336                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     13477153                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.005284                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.004214                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.095266                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13427846     99.63%     99.63% |       31184      0.23%     99.87% |       14379      0.11%     99.97% |        3706      0.03%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       13477153                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1066183                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     282.417552                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    204.211492                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    319.231993                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1030062     96.61%     96.61% |       30071      2.82%     99.43% |        4802      0.45%     99.88% |         956      0.09%     99.97% |         195      0.02%     99.99% |          79      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1066183                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9163764                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.130253                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.133503                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.166596                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9163465    100.00%    100.00% |         276      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9163764                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9040341                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9040341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9040341                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123423                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.917673                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.040316                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    63.585895                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123124     99.76%     99.76% |         276      0.22%     99.98% |          13      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123423                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227017                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.962016                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.740841                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.212612                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223059     98.26%     98.26% |        3049      1.34%     99.60% |         773      0.34%     99.94% |          71      0.03%     99.97% |          29      0.01%     99.98% |          30      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227017                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021596                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212078     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14840                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.495755                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.606600                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.477861                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.33%     73.33% |        3049     20.55%     93.87% |         773      5.21%     99.08% |          71      0.48%     99.56% |          29      0.20%     99.76% |          30      0.20%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14840                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       368789                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7295745                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        74840                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    42083                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    42254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    41816                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    41918                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    42098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    41470                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    41687                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    41692                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    41149                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    41364                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   41833                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   41947                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   41841                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   41738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   42167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   41488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 124861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 124690                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 125128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 125026                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 124846                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 125474                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 125257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 125252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                 125795                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                 125580                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                125111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                124997                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                125103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                125206                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                124777                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                125456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   111276                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   111022                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   110735                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   110547                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   110834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   110706                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   111321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   111182                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                   111752                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                   111725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                  111565                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                  111433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                  111764                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                  111571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                  111578                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                  111560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses              166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses              166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 6678114                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140458138566618                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140458138535518                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6642816                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 6658799                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                37472732                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               367387542                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               367427871                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               367449387                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               367447348                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              367450648                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              367433788                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              367463135                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              367460338                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              367459110                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              367431542                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                 121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                 121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                 121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                28123                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                28205                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                28337                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                28358                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                28486                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                28183                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                28002                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                27993                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                27325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                27444                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               27723                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               27957                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               27748                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               27790                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               27820                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               27410                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              93765                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              93683                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              93551                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              93530                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              93402                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              93705                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              93886                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              93895                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              94563                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses              94444                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             94165                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             93931                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             94140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses             94098                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             94068                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             94478                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               13960                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               14049                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               13479                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               13560                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               13612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               13287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               13685                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               13699                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               13824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               13920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              14110                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              13990                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              14093                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              13948                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              14347                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              14078                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             31096                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             31007                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             31577                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             31496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             31444                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             31769                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             31371                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             31357                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             31232                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             31136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            30946                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            31066                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            30963                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            31108                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            30709                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            30978                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                7355730                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                7357796                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                7353556                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                7348841                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                7358087                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                7342762                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                7346135                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                7346697                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                7354168                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                7378677                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               7362503                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               7362396                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               7370262                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               7356219                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               7354135                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               7355469                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               6849566                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               6848771                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               6884304                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               6872100                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               6869621                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               6867268                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               6870923                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               6857364                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               6829295                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               6849162                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              6823902                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              6854226                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              6842863                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              6833589                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              6786755                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              6848918                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            2623210                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            2628303                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            2622976                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            2622976                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            2622976                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            2622976                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            2622976                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            2623178                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            2629005                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            2636305                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           2633228                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           2625553                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           2633222                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           2623409                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           2632725                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           2626091                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2555195                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2569453                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2611896                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2670401                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2617257                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2679016                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2573306                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2550203                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2597455                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2518267                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2500884                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2555934                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2551608                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2543194                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2570220                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2514968                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          6849566                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          6848771                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          6884304                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          6872100                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          6869621                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          6867268                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          6870923                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          6857364                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          6829295                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          6849162                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         6823902                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         6854226                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         6842863                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         6833589                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         6786755                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         6848918                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       2622970                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       2622958                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       2622976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       2622976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       2622976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       2622976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       2622976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       2622973                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       2622958                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       2622943                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      2622946                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      2622970                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      2622955                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      2622973                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      2622952                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      2622964                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2545013                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2556597                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2608254                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2650772                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2591615                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2653529                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2573306                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2550203                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2578664                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2504949                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2497559                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2540221                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2544558                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2534854                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2559336                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2503966                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            7046074                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            7049614                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            7028259                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            7025419                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            7035150                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            7015312                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            7018275                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            7035117                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            7042151                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            7075267                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           7059871                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           7047641                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           7079346                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           7052699                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           7061670                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           7050805                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         175716468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         175716464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        175716460                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        175716466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        175716480                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        175716476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        175716472                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        175716468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          7272026                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          7251355                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          7264878                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          7260037                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          7267090                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          7255659                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          7266586                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          7233716                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          7242645                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          7259166                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         7257857                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         7226630                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         7270810                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         7241052                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         7226817                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         7260294                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             22871                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             22830                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             23166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             23207                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             22892                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             23218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             23093                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             23186                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             23320                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             23112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            22941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            22882                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            22910                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            23052                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            22855                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            23254                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              4674                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4887                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4706                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              4832                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              4837                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              4528                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              4547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              4663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4715                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             4672                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             4522                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             4691                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             4720                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              8511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              8868                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              8609                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              8865                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              8739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              8844                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              8264                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              8485                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              8210                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              8345                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             8565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             8349                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             8156                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             8297                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             8375                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             8451                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         5408089                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         5349493                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         5343173                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         5351302                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         5209707                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         5359092                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         5262635                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         5375113                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         5354565                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         5277727                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        5313078                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        5310299                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        5250032                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        5389118                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        5326354                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        5391035                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      330067     25.39%     25.39% |      323400     24.88%     50.27% |      323316     24.87%     75.14% |      323185     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1299968                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180299     25.70%     25.70% |      173756     24.77%     50.47% |      173786     24.77%     75.24% |      173710     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701551                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      330092     25.39%     25.39% |      323400     24.88%     50.27% |      323316     24.87%     75.14% |      323184     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1299992                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186116     25.68%     25.68% |      179577     24.77%     50.45% |      179612     24.78%     75.23% |      179537     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724842                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141576     25.03%     25.03% |      141452     25.01%     50.04% |      141338     24.99%     75.02% |      141282     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       565648                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      330067     25.39%     25.39% |      323400     24.88%     50.27% |      323316     24.87%     75.14% |      323185     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1299968                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180063     25.69%     25.69% |      173577     24.77%     50.46% |      173612     24.77%     75.24% |      173537     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700789                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141576     25.03%     25.03% |      141452     25.01%     50.04% |      141338     24.99%     75.02% |      141282     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       565648                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      330067     25.39%     25.39% |      323400     24.88%     50.27% |      323316     24.87%     75.14% |      323184     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1299967                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180063     25.69%     25.69% |      173577     24.77%     50.46% |      173612     24.77%     75.24% |      173537     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700789                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5967800     75.30%     75.30% |          18      0.00%     75.30% |      122351      1.54%     76.84% |      122393      1.54%     78.38% |      122279      1.54%     79.93% |      122407      1.54%     81.47% |      122363      1.54%     83.01% |      122331      1.54%     84.56% |      122352      1.54%     86.10% |      122367      1.54%     87.65% |      122412      1.54%     89.19% |      122403      1.54%     90.73% |      122403      1.54%     92.28% |      122373      1.54%     93.82% |      122455      1.55%     95.37% |      122361      1.54%     96.91% |      122469      1.55%     98.46% |      122351      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      7925888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9163822    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9163822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14050888     95.06%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |       45535      0.31%     95.37% |       45592      0.31%     95.68% |       45622      0.31%     95.99% |       45629      0.31%     96.30% |       45611      0.31%     96.61% |       45630      0.31%     96.92% |       45622      0.31%     97.22% |       45591      0.31%     97.53% |       45626      0.31%     97.84% |       45557      0.31%     98.15% |       45595      0.31%     98.46% |       45574      0.31%     98.77% |       45570      0.31%     99.07% |       45562      0.31%     99.38% |       45605      0.31%     99.69% |       45560      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     14780369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17033      6.98%      6.98% |          18      0.01%      6.98% |       15399      6.31%     13.29% |       14151      5.80%     19.09% |       13787      5.65%     24.73% |       13451      5.51%     30.24% |       14416      5.90%     36.15% |       13531      5.54%     41.69% |       14156      5.80%     47.49% |       14943      6.12%     53.61% |       13245      5.43%     59.04% |       14854      6.08%     65.12% |       13787      5.65%     70.77% |       14703      6.02%     76.79% |       14685      6.01%     82.80% |       14984      6.14%     88.94% |       11695      4.79%     93.73% |       15303      6.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       244141                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      805124     25.98%     25.98% |           0      0.00%     25.98% |      142571      4.60%     30.58% |      143210      4.62%     35.20% |      144182      4.65%     39.85% |      144223      4.65%     44.50% |      143775      4.64%     49.14% |      144198      4.65%     53.80% |      143882      4.64%     58.44% |      143708      4.64%     63.07% |      143381      4.63%     67.70% |      142858      4.61%     72.31% |      143001      4.61%     76.92% |      143116      4.62%     81.54% |      143104      4.62%     86.16% |      142996      4.61%     90.77% |      143013      4.61%     95.39% |      142949      4.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3099291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1734      6.12%      6.12% |        1733      6.11%     12.23% |        1718      6.06%     18.29% |        1714      6.05%     24.33% |        1755      6.19%     30.52% |        1639      5.78%     36.31% |        1802      6.36%     42.66% |        1767      6.23%     48.89% |        1868      6.59%     55.48% |        1852      6.53%     62.02% |        1769      6.24%     68.26% |        1786      6.30%     74.55% |        1773      6.25%     80.81% |        1804      6.36%     87.17% |        1885      6.65%     93.82% |        1752      6.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        28351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2951      5.99%      6.00% |        2869      5.83%     11.83% |        3139      6.38%     18.20% |        2905      5.90%     24.10% |        3198      6.50%     30.60% |        3399      6.90%     37.50% |        3514      7.14%     44.64% |        3594      7.30%     51.94% |        3308      6.72%     58.66% |        2777      5.64%     64.30% |        2775      5.64%     69.94% |        3663      7.44%     77.38% |        2473      5.02%     82.40% |        2903      5.90%     88.30% |        2911      5.91%     94.21% |        2850      5.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        49231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      186804     12.51%     12.51% |          16      0.00%     12.51% |       79044      5.29%     17.81% |       81625      5.47%     23.28% |       83016      5.56%     28.84% |       84425      5.66%     34.49% |       81898      5.49%     39.98% |       84633      5.67%     45.65% |       82322      5.51%     51.16% |       80748      5.41%     56.57% |       83947      5.62%     62.20% |       79543      5.33%     67.52% |       81238      5.44%     72.97% |       80692      5.41%     78.37% |       79420      5.32%     83.69% |       78994      5.29%     88.98% |       85489      5.73%     94.71% |       78977      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1492831                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        3305      6.71%      6.72% |        3337      6.78%     13.50% |        3012      6.12%     19.61% |        2949      5.99%     25.60% |        2937      5.97%     31.57% |        3007      6.11%     37.68% |        3032      6.16%     43.84% |        3142      6.38%     50.22% |        2727      5.54%     55.76% |        3387      6.88%     62.64% |        2778      5.64%     68.28% |        3140      6.38%     74.66% |        3024      6.14%     80.80% |        3151      6.40%     87.20% |        2781      5.65%     92.85% |        3520      7.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        49231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622789     40.77%     40.77% |           0      0.00%     40.77% |       58539      3.83%     44.60% |       56239      3.68%     48.28% |       55805      3.65%     51.93% |       54542      3.57%     55.50% |       56621      3.71%     59.21% |       54384      3.56%     62.77% |       56250      3.68%     66.45% |       57671      3.77%     70.22% |       54545      3.57%     73.79% |       57993      3.80%     77.59% |       56812      3.72%     81.31% |       57167      3.74%     85.05% |       58459      3.83%     88.88% |       58880      3.85%     92.73% |       52425      3.43%     96.16% |       58620      3.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1527741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      683108     27.70%     27.70% |           0      0.00%     27.70% |      108738      4.41%     32.11% |      111735      4.53%     36.64% |      113117      4.59%     41.23% |      114710      4.65%     45.88% |      111752      4.53%     50.41% |      114475      4.64%     55.05% |      111904      4.54%     59.59% |      110215      4.47%     64.06% |      113408      4.60%     68.66% |      109422      4.44%     73.09% |      111313      4.51%     77.61% |      109704      4.45%     82.05% |      109714      4.45%     86.50% |      109025      4.42%     90.92% |      115245      4.67%     95.60% |      108597      4.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2466182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      186157      9.99%      9.99% |           9      0.00%      9.99% |      104764      5.62%     15.61% |      104877      5.63%     21.23% |      105168      5.64%     26.87% |      105359      5.65%     32.52% |      104936      5.63%     38.15% |      105330      5.65%     43.80% |      105069      5.64%     49.44% |      104999      5.63%     55.07% |      104820      5.62%     60.69% |      104748      5.62%     66.31% |      104597      5.61%     71.92% |      104739      5.62%     77.54% |      104620      5.61%     83.15% |      104687      5.62%     88.77% |      104379      5.60%     94.37% |      105006      5.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1864264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120972    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498892     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       36124      3.34%     49.49% |       36324      3.36%     52.85% |       36665      3.39%     56.25% |       36556      3.38%     59.63% |       36519      3.38%     63.01% |       36692      3.39%     66.40% |       36533      3.38%     69.78% |       36560      3.38%     73.16% |       36399      3.37%     76.53% |       36174      3.35%     79.88% |       36230      3.35%     83.23% |       36256      3.35%     86.58% |       36282      3.36%     89.94% |       36338      3.36%     93.30% |       36316      3.36%     96.66% |       36110      3.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1080970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      5.24%      5.24% |           0      0.00%      5.24% |       13722      6.51%     11.75% |       12583      5.97%     17.71% |       12067      5.72%     23.44% |       11727      5.56%     29.00% |       12690      6.02%     35.01% |       11666      5.53%     40.55% |       12456      5.91%     46.45% |       13282      6.30%     52.75% |       11452      5.43%     58.18% |       13273      6.29%     64.48% |       12179      5.78%     70.25% |       12936      6.13%     76.39% |       13023      6.18%     82.56% |       13407      6.36%     88.92% |        9886      4.69%     93.61% |       13484      6.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       210884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1064     97.97%     97.97% |           9      0.83%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           2      0.18%     98.99% |           2      0.18%     99.17% |           2      0.18%     99.36% |           0      0.00%     99.36% |           1      0.09%     99.45% |           1      0.09%     99.54% |           3      0.28%     99.82% |           1      0.09%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           1      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2453    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          57     95.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      1.67%     96.67% |           1      1.67%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           1      1.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1516      2.70%      2.70% |           0      0.00%      2.70% |        3342      5.94%      8.64% |        3262      5.80%     14.44% |        3367      5.99%     20.43% |        3355      5.97%     26.40% |        3447      6.13%     32.53% |        3456      6.15%     38.68% |        3424      6.09%     44.77% |        3392      6.03%     50.80% |        3620      6.44%     57.24% |        3367      5.99%     63.23% |        3299      5.87%     69.10% |        3514      6.25%     75.35% |        3366      5.99%     81.34% |        3312      5.89%     87.23% |        3654      6.50%     93.73% |        3527      6.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        56220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     11.54%     11.54% |           0      0.00%     11.54% |        4403      6.19%     17.73% |        3831      5.39%     23.12% |        4128      5.80%     28.92% |        3877      5.45%     34.37% |        4207      5.92%     40.29% |        3874      5.45%     45.74% |        4290      6.03%     51.77% |        4374      6.15%     57.92% |        3180      4.47%     62.39% |        4144      5.83%     68.22% |        3674      5.17%     73.38% |        4136      5.82%     79.20% |        3966      5.58%     84.78% |        4277      6.01%     90.79% |        2334      3.28%     94.07% |        4216      5.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        71118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9040341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9040341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3407     38.86%     38.86% |           2      0.02%     38.88% |         269      3.07%     41.95% |         327      3.73%     45.68% |         328      3.74%     49.42% |         395      4.51%     53.93% |         379      4.32%     58.25% |         408      4.65%     62.91% |         370      4.22%     67.13% |         303      3.46%     70.58% |         397      4.53%     75.11% |         271      3.09%     78.20% |         301      3.43%     81.64% |         344      3.92%     85.56% |         261      2.98%     88.54% |         296      3.38%     91.91% |         415      4.73%     96.65% |         294      3.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         8767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     22.52%     22.52% |           0      0.00%     22.52% |       28296      5.29%     27.81% |       25692      4.81%     32.62% |       24837      4.65%     37.26% |       23338      4.37%     41.63% |       25744      4.82%     46.44% |       23579      4.41%     50.85% |       25762      4.82%     55.67% |       27440      5.13%     60.81% |       23679      4.43%     65.24% |       27621      5.17%     70.40% |       25703      4.81%     75.21% |       27265      5.10%     80.31% |       27310      5.11%     85.42% |       28176      5.27%     90.69% |       21284      3.98%     94.67% |       28480      5.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       534580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3233899     93.94%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |       12689      0.37%     94.31% |       13148      0.38%     94.69% |       12560      0.36%     95.05% |       12620      0.37%     95.42% |       12713      0.37%     95.79% |       12650      0.37%     96.16% |       12495      0.36%     96.52% |       12481      0.36%     96.88% |       13856      0.40%     97.29% |       12963      0.38%     97.66% |       13584      0.39%     98.06% |       12978      0.38%     98.43% |       13269      0.39%     98.82% |       12892      0.37%     99.19% |       15143      0.44%     99.63% |       12633      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3442573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35518    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2353     19.18%     19.18% |          16      0.13%     19.31% |         581      4.74%     24.05% |         519      4.23%     28.28% |         682      5.56%     33.84% |         675      5.50%     39.34% |         585      4.77%     44.11% |         740      6.03%     50.15% |         610      4.97%     55.12% |         546      4.45%     59.57% |         686      5.59%     65.16% |         536      4.37%     69.53% |         575      4.69%     74.22% |         648      5.28%     79.50% |         573      4.67%     84.18% |         593      4.83%     89.01% |         650      5.30%     94.31% |         698      5.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        12266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      148851     10.68%     10.68% |           0      0.00%     10.68% |       75366      5.41%     16.09% |       78097      5.61%     21.70% |       79048      5.67%     27.37% |       80701      5.79%     33.16% |       77988      5.60%     38.76% |       80337      5.77%     44.53% |       78062      5.60%     50.13% |       76432      5.49%     55.61% |       79794      5.73%     61.34% |       76067      5.46%     66.80% |       77757      5.58%     72.38% |       76226      5.47%     77.85% |       76223      5.47%     83.32% |       75358      5.41%     88.73% |       81757      5.87%     94.60% |       75264      5.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1393328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2934      5.99%      5.99% |        2859      5.84%     11.83% |        3123      6.38%     18.21% |        2878      5.88%     24.09% |        3176      6.49%     30.58% |        3361      6.87%     37.44% |        3492      7.13%     44.58% |        3584      7.32%     51.90% |        3293      6.73%     58.62% |        2760      5.64%     64.26% |        2754      5.63%     69.89% |        3653      7.46%     77.35% |        2460      5.02%     82.37% |        2887      5.90%     88.27% |        2903      5.93%     94.20% |        2839      5.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        48956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2537489    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2537489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    13516291     98.98%     98.98% |           0      0.00%     98.98% |        8932      0.07%     99.05% |        8731      0.06%     99.11% |        8391      0.06%     99.17% |        8499      0.06%     99.24% |        8535      0.06%     99.30% |        8364      0.06%     99.36% |        8523      0.06%     99.42% |        8496      0.06%     99.48% |        8657      0.06%     99.55% |        8871      0.06%     99.61% |        8826      0.06%     99.68% |        8799      0.06%     99.74% |        8769      0.06%     99.81% |        8718      0.06%     99.87% |        8740      0.06%     99.93% |        8946      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     13655088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         222      1.84%      1.84% |           0      0.00%      1.84% |         815      6.74%      8.58% |         714      5.91%     14.48% |         701      5.80%     20.28% |         642      5.31%     25.59% |         754      6.24%     31.83% |         706      5.84%     37.67% |         712      5.89%     43.56% |         802      6.63%     50.19% |         706      5.84%     56.03% |         767      6.34%     62.37% |         719      5.95%     68.32% |         771      6.38%     74.70% |         819      6.77%     81.47% |         681      5.63%     87.11% |         739      6.11%     93.22% |         820      6.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        12090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534257     49.80%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |       33372      3.11%     52.91% |       33638      3.14%     56.04% |       34069      3.18%     59.22% |       34009      3.17%     62.39% |       33764      3.15%     65.54% |       34138      3.18%     68.72% |       33842      3.15%     71.87% |       33783      3.15%     75.02% |       33614      3.13%     78.15% |       33355      3.11%     81.26% |       33556      3.13%     84.39% |       33478      3.12%     87.51% |       33491      3.12%     90.63% |       33667      3.14%     93.77% |       33488      3.12%     96.89% |       33333      3.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1072854                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1734      6.12%      6.12% |        1733      6.11%     12.23% |        1718      6.06%     18.29% |        1714      6.05%     24.34% |        1754      6.19%     30.52% |        1639      5.78%     36.30% |        1802      6.36%     42.66% |        1767      6.23%     48.89% |        1868      6.59%     55.48% |        1852      6.53%     62.01% |        1769      6.24%     68.25% |        1786      6.30%     74.55% |        1773      6.25%     80.81% |        1804      6.36%     87.17% |        1885      6.65%     93.82% |        1752      6.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        28350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      0.38%      0.38% |           0      0.00%      0.38% |        1624      5.22%      5.60% |        1800      5.78%     11.38% |        2132      6.85%     18.23% |        2130      6.84%     25.07% |        2046      6.57%     31.64% |        2038      6.55%     38.18% |        2001      6.43%     44.61% |        1950      6.26%     50.87% |        1975      6.34%     57.21% |        1845      5.93%     63.14% |        1979      6.36%     69.49% |        1880      6.04%     75.53% |        1989      6.39%     81.92% |        1835      5.89%     87.81% |        2055      6.60%     94.41% |        1740      5.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        31138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      186804     12.51%     12.51% |          16      0.00%     12.51% |       79044      5.29%     17.81% |       81625      5.47%     23.28% |       83016      5.56%     28.84% |       84425      5.66%     34.49% |       81898      5.49%     39.98% |       84633      5.67%     45.65% |       82322      5.51%     51.16% |       80747      5.41%     56.57% |       83947      5.62%     62.20% |       79543      5.33%     67.52% |       81238      5.44%     72.97% |       80692      5.41%     78.37% |       79420      5.32%     83.69% |       78994      5.29%     88.98% |       85489      5.73%     94.71% |       78977      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1492830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        3305      6.71%      6.72% |        3337      6.78%     13.50% |        3012      6.12%     19.61% |        2949      5.99%     25.60% |        2937      5.97%     31.57% |        3007      6.11%     37.68% |        3032      6.16%     43.84% |        3142      6.38%     50.22% |        2727      5.54%     55.76% |        3387      6.88%     62.64% |        2778      5.64%     68.28% |        3140      6.38%     74.66% |        3024      6.14%     80.80% |        3151      6.40%     87.20% |        2781      5.65%     92.85% |        3520      7.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        49231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123840     27.72%     27.72% |           0      0.00%     27.72% |       22415      5.02%     32.74% |       19915      4.46%     37.20% |       19140      4.28%     41.48% |       17985      4.03%     45.51% |       20101      4.50%     50.01% |       17692      3.96%     53.97% |       19717      4.41%     58.38% |       21111      4.73%     63.11% |       18146      4.06%     67.17% |       21819      4.88%     72.06% |       20582      4.61%     76.66% |       20910      4.68%     81.34% |       22177      4.96%     86.31% |       22542      5.05%     91.35% |       16109      3.61%     94.96% |       22510      5.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       446711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           7      0.06%      0.06% |           0      0.00%      0.06% |         571      5.11%      5.17% |         721      6.45%     11.63% |         729      6.53%     18.15% |         690      6.18%     24.33% |         786      7.04%     31.37% |         650      5.82%     37.19% |         791      7.08%     44.27% |         711      6.36%     50.63% |         699      6.26%     56.89% |         603      5.40%     62.29% |         707      6.33%     68.62% |         753      6.74%     75.36% |         725      6.49%     81.85% |         648      5.80%     87.65% |         775      6.94%     94.58% |         605      5.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        11171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498949     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       36124      3.34%     49.50% |       36324      3.36%     52.86% |       36665      3.39%     56.25% |       36557      3.38%     59.63% |       36520      3.38%     63.01% |       36692      3.39%     66.40% |       36533      3.38%     69.78% |       36560      3.38%     73.16% |       36399      3.37%     76.53% |       36174      3.35%     79.88% |       36230      3.35%     83.23% |       36257      3.35%     86.58% |       36282      3.36%     89.94% |       36338      3.36%     93.30% |       36316      3.36%     96.66% |       36110      3.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1081030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         984     10.52%     10.52% |           0      0.00%     10.52% |         495      5.29%     15.81% |         537      5.74%     21.55% |         423      4.52%     26.07% |         551      5.89%     31.96% |         507      5.42%     37.38% |         475      5.08%     42.45% |         496      5.30%     47.76% |         511      5.46%     53.22% |         556      5.94%     59.16% |         547      5.85%     65.01% |         547      5.85%     70.85% |         515      5.50%     76.36% |         599      6.40%     82.76% |         505      5.40%     88.16% |         613      6.55%     94.71% |         495      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         9356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         109      1.25%      1.25% |           0      0.00%      1.25% |         479      5.50%      6.75% |         537      6.16%     12.91% |         566      6.50%     19.41% |         573      6.58%     25.99% |         556      6.38%     32.37% |         574      6.59%     38.96% |         566      6.50%     45.45% |         535      6.14%     51.60% |         570      6.54%     58.14% |         512      5.88%     64.02% |         539      6.19%     70.20% |         518      5.95%     76.15% |         519      5.96%     82.11% |         506      5.81%     87.91% |         549      6.30%     94.21% |         504      5.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         8712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12      9.02%      9.02% |           8      6.02%     15.04% |           9      6.77%     21.80% |          12      9.02%     30.83% |           8      6.02%     36.84% |          11      8.27%     45.11% |           8      6.02%     51.13% |           9      6.77%     57.89% |           4      3.01%     60.90% |           7      5.26%     66.17% |          13      9.77%     75.94% |           4      3.01%     78.95% |           9      6.77%     85.71% |           7      5.26%     90.98% |           5      3.76%     94.74% |           7      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          17      6.23%      6.23% |          10      3.66%      9.89% |          16      5.86%     15.75% |          27      9.89%     25.64% |          22      8.06%     33.70% |          38     13.92%     47.62% |          22      8.06%     55.68% |          10      3.66%     59.34% |          15      5.49%     64.84% |          17      6.23%     71.06% |          21      7.69%     78.75% |          10      3.66%     82.42% |          13      4.76%     87.18% |          16      5.86%     93.04% |           8      2.93%     95.97% |          11      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      683108     27.70%     27.70% |           0      0.00%     27.70% |      108709      4.41%     32.11% |      111717      4.53%     36.64% |      113092      4.59%     41.23% |      114671      4.65%     45.88% |      111721      4.53%     50.41% |      114426      4.64%     55.05% |      111874      4.54%     59.59% |      110196      4.47%     64.06% |      113389      4.60%     68.66% |      109398      4.44%     73.09% |      111279      4.51%     77.61% |      109690      4.45%     82.05% |      109692      4.45%     86.50% |      109002      4.42%     90.92% |      115232      4.67%     95.60% |      108579      4.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2465775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          29      7.13%      7.13% |          18      4.42%     11.55% |          25      6.14%     17.69% |          39      9.58%     27.27% |          31      7.62%     34.89% |          49     12.04%     46.93% |          30      7.37%     54.30% |          19      4.67%     58.97% |          19      4.67%     63.64% |          24      5.90%     69.53% |          34      8.35%     77.89% |          14      3.44%     81.33% |          22      5.41%     86.73% |          23      5.65%     92.38% |          13      3.19%     95.58% |          18      4.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          407                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3853      3.12%      3.12% |        3687      2.99%      6.10% |        3425      2.77%      8.88% |        3493      2.83%     11.71% |        3477      2.82%     14.52% |        3972      3.22%     17.74% |        3700      3.00%     20.73% |        3319      2.69%     23.42% |        3507      2.84%     26.26% |        5107      4.13%     30.39% |        3872      3.13%     33.53% |        3790      3.07%     36.60% |        3481      2.82%     39.42% |        4380      3.55%     42.96% |        3831      3.10%     46.06% |        3775      3.06%     49.12% |        4108      3.33%     52.45% |        4146      3.36%     55.80% |        3652      2.96%     58.76% |        3331      2.70%     61.46% |        3067      2.48%     63.94% |        3732      3.02%     66.96% |        3509      2.84%     69.80% |        3350      2.71%     72.51% |        3598      2.91%     75.43% |        3717      3.01%     78.44% |        3234      2.62%     81.05% |        4607      3.73%     84.78% |        3994      3.23%     88.02% |        5246      4.25%     92.27% |        5115      4.14%     96.41% |        4438      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123513                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      118279      6.33%      6.33% |       57158      3.06%      9.39% |       55964      2.99%     12.38% |       56825      3.04%     15.42% |       56253      3.01%     18.43% |       56059      3.00%     21.43% |       55675      2.98%     24.41% |       55657      2.98%     27.39% |       55830      2.99%     30.38% |       56253      3.01%     33.39% |       57938      3.10%     36.49% |       57404      3.07%     39.56% |       56985      3.05%     42.61% |       56068      3.00%     45.61% |       55563      2.97%     48.59% |       55755      2.98%     51.57% |       56843      3.04%     54.61% |       56302      3.01%     57.62% |       56520      3.02%     60.65% |       56602      3.03%     63.68% |       56524      3.02%     66.70% |       57328      3.07%     69.77% |       56500      3.02%     72.79% |       55937      2.99%     75.79% |       56155      3.01%     78.79% |       56492      3.02%     81.81% |       56024      3.00%     84.81% |       55733      2.98%     87.80% |       56396      3.02%     90.81% |       55763      2.98%     93.80% |       56461      3.02%     96.82% |       59450      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1868696                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       42518      3.93%      3.93% |       33471      3.10%      7.03% |       33245      3.08%     10.10% |       33436      3.09%     13.20% |       33276      3.08%     16.27% |       33129      3.06%     19.34% |       33479      3.10%     22.44% |       33159      3.07%     25.50% |       33306      3.08%     28.58% |       33916      3.14%     31.72% |       33251      3.08%     34.80% |       33324      3.08%     37.88% |       33539      3.10%     40.98% |       33086      3.06%     44.04% |       33106      3.06%     47.10% |       33189      3.07%     50.17% |       33361      3.09%     53.26% |       33282      3.08%     56.34% |       33594      3.11%     59.45% |       33579      3.11%     62.55% |       33513      3.10%     65.65% |       34585      3.20%     68.85% |       33366      3.09%     71.94% |       33442      3.09%     75.03% |       33516      3.10%     78.13% |       33437      3.09%     81.22% |       33604      3.11%     84.33% |       33454      3.09%     87.43% |       33345      3.08%     90.51% |       33324      3.08%     93.59% |       35393      3.27%     96.87% |       33857      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1081082                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      145558      5.90%      5.90% |       75613      3.07%      8.97% |       74220      3.01%     11.98% |       75272      3.05%     15.03% |       74484      3.02%     18.05% |       74043      3.00%     21.05% |       74039      3.00%     24.05% |       73888      3.00%     27.05% |       74068      3.00%     30.05% |       75111      3.05%     33.10% |       76092      3.09%     36.18% |       75788      3.07%     39.26% |       75498      3.06%     42.32% |       74093      3.00%     45.32% |       73566      2.98%     48.31% |       74074      3.00%     51.31% |       75076      3.04%     54.35% |       74427      3.02%     57.37% |       74933      3.04%     60.41% |       75082      3.04%     63.45% |       74840      3.03%     66.49% |       76664      3.11%     69.60% |       74641      3.03%     72.62% |       74284      3.01%     75.63% |       74472      3.02%     78.65% |       74727      3.03%     81.68% |       74471      3.02%     84.70% |       74023      3.00%     87.71% |       74538      3.02%     90.73% |       74001      3.00%     93.73% |       76584      3.11%     96.83% |       78091      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2466261                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           4      1.78%      1.78% |           4      1.78%      3.56% |           7      3.11%      6.67% |          10      4.44%     11.11% |          15      6.67%     17.78% |          10      4.44%     22.22% |           9      4.00%     26.22% |          17      7.56%     33.78% |           4      1.78%     35.56% |          10      4.44%     40.00% |           1      0.44%     40.44% |           8      3.56%     44.00% |           2      0.89%     44.89% |           6      2.67%     47.56% |          10      4.44%     52.00% |           1      0.44%     52.44% |           3      1.33%     53.78% |           0      0.00%     53.78% |           4      1.78%     55.56% |           3      1.33%     56.89% |          11      4.89%     61.78% |          14      6.22%     68.00% |           5      2.22%     70.22% |           3      1.33%     71.56% |          11      4.89%     76.44% |           8      3.56%     80.00% |           4      1.78%     81.78% |           8      3.56%     85.33% |           6      2.67%     88.00% |          16      7.11%     95.11% |           1      0.44%     95.56% |          10      4.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          225                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28056      4.03%      4.03% |       21535      3.09%      7.12% |       21573      3.10%     10.22% |       21572      3.10%     13.32% |       21541      3.09%     16.41% |       21542      3.09%     19.50% |       21568      3.10%     22.60% |       21556      3.10%     25.69% |       21570      3.10%     28.79% |       21559      3.10%     31.89% |       21583      3.10%     34.99% |       21579      3.10%     38.09% |       21545      3.09%     41.18% |       21563      3.10%     44.28% |       21560      3.10%     47.37% |       21544      3.09%     50.46% |       21571      3.10%     53.56% |       21568      3.10%     56.66% |       21577      3.10%     59.76% |       21572      3.10%     62.86% |       21563      3.10%     65.95% |       21553      3.09%     69.05% |       21578      3.10%     72.14% |       21553      3.09%     75.24% |       21579      3.10%     78.34% |       21552      3.09%     81.43% |       21568      3.10%     84.53% |       21545      3.09%     87.62% |       21576      3.10%     90.72% |       21549      3.09%     93.82% |       21532      3.09%     96.91% |       21534      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       696416                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17936      3.15%      3.15% |       17837      3.13%      6.28% |       17815      3.13%      9.40% |       17809      3.12%     12.53% |       17810      3.12%     15.65% |       17760      3.12%     18.77% |       17756      3.11%     21.88% |       17847      3.13%     25.01% |       17819      3.13%     28.14% |       17829      3.13%     31.27% |       17850      3.13%     34.40% |       17814      3.13%     37.52% |       17853      3.13%     40.65% |       17786      3.12%     43.77% |       17821      3.13%     46.90% |       17822      3.13%     50.03% |       17786      3.12%     53.15% |       17813      3.12%     56.27% |       17787      3.12%     59.39% |       17770      3.12%     62.51% |       17796      3.12%     65.63% |       17885      3.14%     68.77% |       17769      3.12%     71.89% |       17772      3.12%     75.00% |       17838      3.13%     78.13% |       17882      3.14%     81.27% |       17813      3.12%     84.40% |       17746      3.11%     87.51% |       17800      3.12%     90.63% |       17816      3.13%     93.76% |       17800      3.12%     96.88% |       17785      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       570022                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47103      3.62%      3.62% |       40420      3.11%      6.73% |       40434      3.11%      9.84% |       40427      3.11%     12.95% |       40395      3.11%     16.06% |       40347      3.10%     19.16% |       40370      3.11%     22.27% |       40449      3.11%     25.38% |       40435      3.11%     28.49% |       40435      3.11%     31.60% |       40478      3.11%     34.72% |       40438      3.11%     37.83% |       40443      3.11%     40.94% |       40394      3.11%     44.04% |       40426      3.11%     47.15% |       40411      3.11%     50.26% |       40402      3.11%     53.37% |       40427      3.11%     56.48% |       40410      3.11%     59.59% |       40388      3.11%     62.70% |       40405      3.11%     65.80% |       40485      3.11%     68.92% |       40393      3.11%     72.03% |       40370      3.11%     75.13% |       40463      3.11%     78.24% |       40481      3.11%     81.36% |       40427      3.11%     84.47% |       40335      3.10%     87.57% |       40421      3.11%     90.68% |       40411      3.11%     93.79% |       40378      3.11%     96.89% |       40366      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1299967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46079      3.64%      3.64% |       39396      3.11%      6.75% |       39410      3.11%      9.86% |       39403      3.11%     12.96% |       39371      3.11%     16.07% |       39323      3.10%     19.17% |       39346      3.10%     22.28% |       39425      3.11%     25.39% |       39411      3.11%     28.50% |       39411      3.11%     31.61% |       39454      3.11%     34.72% |       39414      3.11%     37.83% |       39419      3.11%     40.95% |       39370      3.11%     44.05% |       39402      3.11%     47.16% |       39387      3.11%     50.27% |       39378      3.11%     53.38% |       39403      3.11%     56.49% |       39386      3.11%     59.60% |       39364      3.11%     62.70% |       39381      3.11%     65.81% |       39461      3.11%     68.92% |       39369      3.11%     72.03% |       39346      3.10%     75.13% |       39439      3.11%     78.25% |       39457      3.11%     81.36% |       39403      3.11%     84.47% |       39311      3.10%     87.57% |       39397      3.11%     90.68% |       39387      3.11%     93.79% |       39354      3.11%     96.90% |       39342      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1267199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         444      3.64%      3.64% |         390      3.20%      6.84% |         388      3.18%     10.03% |         347      2.85%     12.87% |         346      2.84%     15.71% |         385      3.16%     18.87% |         389      3.19%     22.06% |         342      2.81%     24.87% |         368      3.02%     27.89% |         412      3.38%     31.27% |         379      3.11%     34.38% |         346      2.84%     37.22% |         390      3.20%     40.42% |         381      3.13%     43.54% |         381      3.13%     46.67% |         363      2.98%     49.65% |         378      3.10%     52.75% |         414      3.40%     56.15% |         377      3.09%     59.24% |         345      2.83%     62.07% |         408      3.35%     65.42% |         437      3.59%     69.00% |         377      3.09%     72.10% |         355      2.91%     75.01% |         379      3.11%     78.12% |         423      3.47%     81.59% |         388      3.18%     84.77% |         346      2.84%     87.61% |         377      3.09%     90.70% |         375      3.08%     93.78% |         403      3.31%     97.09% |         355      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        12188                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1447      2.94%      2.94% |        1447      2.94%      5.87% |        1480      3.00%      8.88% |        1472      2.99%     11.87% |        1512      3.07%     14.94% |        1506      3.06%     17.99% |        1467      2.98%     20.97% |        1439      2.92%     23.89% |        1522      3.09%     26.98% |        1528      3.10%     30.08% |        1579      3.21%     33.29% |        1533      3.11%     36.40% |        1548      3.14%     39.54% |        1564      3.17%     42.72% |        1578      3.20%     45.92% |        1543      3.13%     49.05% |        1601      3.25%     52.30% |        1571      3.19%     55.49% |        1593      3.23%     58.72% |        1574      3.19%     61.92% |        1598      3.24%     65.16% |        1546      3.14%     68.30% |        1630      3.31%     71.61% |        1546      3.14%     74.75% |        1569      3.18%     77.93% |        1556      3.16%     81.09% |        1549      3.14%     84.23% |        1560      3.17%     87.40% |        1573      3.19%     90.59% |        1544      3.13%     93.73% |        1560      3.17%     96.89% |        1531      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        49266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        4004      3.24%      3.24% |        3945      3.19%      6.43% |        3930      3.18%      9.61% |        3918      3.17%     12.78% |        3919      3.17%     15.96% |        3879      3.14%     19.09% |        3895      3.15%     22.25% |        3874      3.14%     25.38% |        3893      3.15%     28.53% |        3834      3.10%     31.63% |        3787      3.06%     34.70% |        3750      3.03%     37.73% |        3770      3.05%     40.79% |        3738      3.03%     43.81% |        3747      3.03%     46.84% |        3701      3.00%     49.84% |        3776      3.06%     52.89% |        3740      3.03%     55.92% |        3791      3.07%     58.99% |        3766      3.05%     62.04% |        3844      3.11%     65.15% |        3799      3.07%     68.22% |        3896      3.15%     71.37% |        3838      3.11%     74.48% |        3909      3.16%     77.64% |        3874      3.14%     80.78% |        3946      3.19%     83.97% |        3943      3.19%     87.16% |        3989      3.23%     90.39% |        3934      3.18%     93.57% |        3988      3.23%     96.80% |        3952      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total       123569                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        3493      3.22%      3.22% |        3342      3.08%      6.31% |        3368      3.11%      9.42% |        3366      3.11%     12.52% |        3406      3.14%     15.67% |        3360      3.10%     18.77% |        3406      3.14%     21.91% |        3365      3.11%     25.02% |        3406      3.14%     28.16% |        3340      3.08%     31.24% |        3419      3.16%     34.40% |        3346      3.09%     37.49% |        3386      3.13%     40.61% |        3337      3.08%     43.69% |        3421      3.16%     46.85% |        3293      3.04%     49.89% |        3376      3.12%     53.00% |        3341      3.08%     56.09% |        3378      3.12%     59.21% |        3321      3.07%     62.27% |        3378      3.12%     65.39% |        3392      3.13%     68.52% |        3393      3.13%     71.65% |        3318      3.06%     74.71% |        3425      3.16%     77.87% |        3431      3.17%     81.04% |        3404      3.14%     84.18% |        3388      3.13%     87.31% |        3445      3.18%     90.49% |        3421      3.16%     93.65% |        3478      3.21%     96.86% |        3406      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       108349                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1446      2.94%      2.94% |        1446      2.94%      5.87% |        1480      3.01%      8.88% |        1471      2.99%     11.87% |        1510      3.07%     14.94% |        1502      3.05%     17.99% |        1466      2.98%     20.96% |        1438      2.92%     23.89% |        1522      3.09%     26.98% |        1525      3.10%     30.07% |        1579      3.21%     33.28% |        1531      3.11%     36.39% |        1548      3.14%     39.54% |        1563      3.17%     42.71% |        1576      3.20%     45.91% |        1543      3.13%     49.05% |        1600      3.25%     52.30% |        1571      3.19%     55.49% |        1593      3.24%     58.72% |        1574      3.20%     61.92% |        1595      3.24%     65.16% |        1544      3.14%     68.30% |        1629      3.31%     71.61% |        1546      3.14%     74.75% |        1566      3.18%     77.93% |        1557      3.16%     81.09% |        1549      3.15%     84.24% |        1560      3.17%     87.40% |        1571      3.19%     90.60% |        1541      3.13%     93.73% |        1560      3.17%     96.89% |        1529      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        49231                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      148922      5.79%      5.79% |       78895      3.07%      8.85% |       77532      3.01%     11.86% |       78535      3.05%     14.91% |       77791      3.02%     17.94% |       77397      3.01%     20.94% |       77371      3.01%     23.95% |       77104      3.00%     26.95% |       77401      3.01%     29.95% |       78501      3.05%     33.00% |       79506      3.09%     36.09% |       79102      3.07%     39.16% |       78839      3.06%     42.23% |       77483      3.01%     45.24% |       76980      2.99%     48.23% |       77388      3.01%     51.24% |       78476      3.05%     54.28% |       77831      3.02%     57.31% |       78299      3.04%     60.35% |       78411      3.05%     63.40% |       78254      3.04%     66.44% |       80122      3.11%     69.55% |       78088      3.03%     72.58% |       77629      3.02%     75.60% |       77848      3.02%     78.62% |       78145      3.04%     81.66% |       77823      3.02%     84.68% |       77399      3.01%     87.69% |       77932      3.03%     90.72% |       77392      3.01%     93.73% |       80026      3.11%     96.84% |       81460      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2573882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         468      3.24%      3.24% |         414      2.87%      6.11% |         422      2.92%      9.03% |         419      2.90%     11.93% |         432      2.99%     14.92% |         408      2.82%     17.74% |         430      2.98%     20.72% |         478      3.31%     24.03% |         445      3.08%     27.11% |         432      2.99%     30.10% |         458      3.17%     33.27% |         458      3.17%     36.44% |         488      3.38%     39.82% |         466      3.23%     43.04% |         479      3.32%     46.36% |         465      3.22%     49.58% |         476      3.30%     52.87% |         482      3.34%     56.21% |         479      3.32%     59.53% |         447      3.09%     62.62% |         435      3.01%     65.63% |         461      3.19%     68.82% |         421      2.91%     71.74% |         422      2.92%     74.66% |         473      3.27%     77.93% |         494      3.42%     81.35% |         471      3.26%     84.61% |         427      2.96%     87.57% |         451      3.12%     90.69% |         462      3.20%     93.89% |         460      3.18%     97.07% |         423      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14446                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24643      4.23%      4.23% |       18060      3.10%      7.32% |       18066      3.10%     10.42% |       18052      3.10%     13.52% |       18023      3.09%     16.61% |       17988      3.09%     19.69% |       17989      3.09%     22.78% |       18028      3.09%     25.87% |       18037      3.09%     28.97% |       18049      3.10%     32.06% |       18082      3.10%     35.16% |       18017      3.09%     38.25% |       18008      3.09%     41.34% |       17985      3.08%     44.43% |       18004      3.09%     47.51% |       18005      3.09%     50.60% |       17975      3.08%     53.68% |       17989      3.09%     56.77% |       17975      3.08%     59.85% |       17991      3.09%     62.94% |       17991      3.09%     66.02% |       18039      3.09%     69.12% |       18028      3.09%     72.21% |       17998      3.09%     75.30% |       18029      3.09%     78.39% |       18037      3.09%     81.48% |       17997      3.09%     84.57% |       17967      3.08%     87.65% |       18027      3.09%     90.74% |       18005      3.09%     93.83% |       17966      3.08%     96.91% |       18007      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       583057                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21992      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.25% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.50% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21953      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.37% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21943      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21951      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21956      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21979      3.13%     65.63% |       21985      3.13%     68.76% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21961      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.26% |       21959      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21944      3.12%     93.75% |       21952      3.12%     96.88% |       21936      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702465                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           2      1.98%      1.98% |           2      1.98%      3.96% |           3      2.97%      6.93% |           5      4.95%     11.88% |           7      6.93%     18.81% |           5      4.95%     23.76% |           4      3.96%     27.72% |           8      7.92%     35.64% |           2      1.98%     37.62% |           4      3.96%     41.58% |           1      0.99%     42.57% |           4      3.96%     46.53% |           1      0.99%     47.52% |           2      1.98%     49.50% |           4      3.96%     53.47% |           0      0.00%     53.47% |           2      1.98%     55.45% |           0      0.00%     55.45% |           1      0.99%     56.44% |           2      1.98%     58.42% |           5      4.95%     63.37% |           6      5.94%     69.31% |           3      2.97%     72.28% |           1      0.99%     73.27% |           5      4.95%     78.22% |           3      2.97%     81.19% |           1      0.99%     82.18% |           4      3.96%     86.14% |           2      1.98%     88.12% |           8      7.92%     96.04% |           0      0.00%     96.04% |           4      3.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        7910      3.15%      3.15% |        7824      3.11%      6.26% |        7776      3.09%      9.35% |        7803      3.10%     12.45% |        7796      3.10%     15.55% |        7854      3.12%     18.68% |        7796      3.10%     21.78% |        7776      3.09%     24.87% |        7801      3.10%     27.97% |        7762      3.09%     31.06% |        7750      3.08%     34.14% |        7737      3.08%     37.22% |        7761      3.09%     40.31% |        7822      3.11%     43.42% |        7783      3.10%     46.51% |        7687      3.06%     49.57% |        7840      3.12%     52.69% |        7886      3.14%     55.83% |        7919      3.15%     58.98% |        7916      3.15%     62.12% |        7848      3.12%     65.25% |        7868      3.13%     68.37% |        7924      3.15%     71.53% |        7934      3.16%     74.68% |        7952      3.16%     77.84% |        7945      3.16%     81.00% |        7947      3.16%     84.17% |        7978      3.17%     87.34% |        7941      3.16%     90.50% |        7907      3.14%     93.64% |        7972      3.17%     96.81% |        8015      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       251430                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           6      2.47%      2.47% |           5      2.06%      4.53% |           2      0.82%      5.35% |           8      3.29%      8.64% |           5      2.06%     10.70% |           5      2.06%     12.76% |           3      1.23%     13.99% |           8      3.29%     17.28% |           7      2.88%     20.16% |           5      2.06%     22.22% |           9      3.70%     25.93% |          10      4.12%     30.04% |          14      5.76%     35.80% |           8      3.29%     39.09% |           8      3.29%     42.39% |           4      1.65%     44.03% |           3      1.23%     45.27% |           9      3.70%     48.97% |          10      4.12%     53.09% |          14      5.76%     58.85% |          13      5.35%     64.20% |           5      2.06%     66.26% |          15      6.17%     72.43% |           8      3.29%     75.72% |           6      2.47%     78.19% |           8      3.29%     81.48% |           8      3.29%     84.77% |          11      4.53%     89.30% |           5      2.06%     91.36% |           8      3.29%     94.65% |           9      3.70%     98.35% |           4      1.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          243                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        3087      3.21%      3.21% |        2991      3.11%      6.33% |        3000      3.12%      9.45% |        2998      3.12%     12.57% |        3017      3.14%     15.71% |        2982      3.10%     18.82% |        3006      3.13%     21.94% |        3008      3.13%     25.08% |        3010      3.13%     28.21% |        2973      3.09%     31.30% |        2997      3.12%     34.42% |        2971      3.09%     37.52% |        3012      3.14%     40.65% |        2952      3.07%     43.72% |        2991      3.11%     46.84% |        2942      3.06%     49.90% |        2988      3.11%     53.01% |        2974      3.10%     56.11% |        3005      3.13%     59.23% |        2949      3.07%     62.30% |        2997      3.12%     65.42% |        2980      3.10%     68.53% |        2979      3.10%     71.63% |        2939      3.06%     74.69% |        3043      3.17%     77.85% |        3057      3.18%     81.04% |        3044      3.17%     84.21% |        2985      3.11%     87.31% |        3067      3.19%     90.51% |        3039      3.16%     93.67% |        3070      3.20%     96.86% |        3012      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        96065                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       82969      8.77%      8.77% |       28541      3.02%     11.79% |       27383      2.90%     14.69% |       28219      2.98%     17.67% |       27651      2.92%     20.59% |       27437      2.90%     23.50% |       27113      2.87%     26.36% |       27114      2.87%     29.23% |       27211      2.88%     32.11% |       27676      2.93%     35.03% |       29282      3.10%     38.13% |       28892      3.06%     41.19% |       28432      3.01%     44.19% |       27508      2.91%     47.10% |       26981      2.85%     49.95% |       27310      2.89%     52.84% |       28241      2.99%     55.83% |       27661      2.92%     58.75% |       27828      2.94%     61.69% |       27927      2.95%     64.65% |       27888      2.95%     67.60% |       28618      3.03%     70.62% |       27742      2.93%     73.56% |       27272      2.88%     76.44% |       27408      2.90%     79.34% |       27767      2.94%     82.27% |       27326      2.89%     85.16% |       27046      2.86%     88.02% |       27660      2.92%     90.95% |       27143      2.87%     93.82% |       27760      2.94%     96.75% |       30697      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       945703                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       19643      5.61%      5.61% |       10630      3.04%      8.64% |       10416      2.97%     11.62% |       10594      3.03%     14.64% |       10447      2.98%     17.63% |       10284      2.94%     20.56% |       10650      3.04%     23.61% |       10328      2.95%     26.55% |       10475      2.99%     29.55% |       11065      3.16%     32.71% |       10437      2.98%     35.69% |       10476      2.99%     38.68% |       10701      3.06%     41.73% |       10248      2.93%     44.66% |       10293      2.94%     47.60% |       10351      2.96%     50.55% |       10528      3.01%     53.56% |       10432      2.98%     56.54% |       10759      3.07%     59.61% |       10738      3.07%     62.68% |       10620      3.03%     65.71% |       11688      3.34%     69.05% |       10548      3.01%     72.06% |       10591      3.02%     75.09% |       10671      3.05%     78.13% |       10592      3.02%     81.16% |       10762      3.07%     84.23% |       10624      3.03%     87.26% |       10520      3.00%     90.27% |       10484      2.99%     93.26% |       12564      3.59%     96.85% |       11030      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       350189                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       27785      4.04%      4.04% |       21289      3.09%      7.13% |       21315      3.10%     10.22% |       21341      3.10%     13.32% |       21315      3.10%     16.42% |       21286      3.09%     19.51% |       21298      3.09%     22.60% |       21344      3.10%     25.70% |       21329      3.10%     28.80% |       21295      3.09%     31.89% |       21332      3.10%     34.99% |       21353      3.10%     38.09% |       21286      3.09%     41.18% |       21309      3.09%     44.28% |       21303      3.09%     47.37% |       21320      3.10%     50.46% |       21324      3.10%     53.56% |       21281      3.09%     56.65% |       21332      3.10%     59.75% |       21357      3.10%     62.85% |       21313      3.10%     65.95% |       21289      3.09%     69.04% |       21329      3.10%     72.14% |       21351      3.10%     75.24% |       21335      3.10%     78.33% |       21287      3.09%     81.43% |       21319      3.10%     84.52% |       21344      3.10%     87.62% |       21326      3.10%     90.72% |       21305      3.09%     93.81% |       21285      3.09%     96.90% |       21321      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       688598                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14323      3.13%      3.13% |       14350      3.14%      6.27% |       14317      3.13%      9.40% |       14326      3.13%     12.53% |       14282      3.12%     15.66% |       14267      3.12%     18.78% |       14230      3.11%     21.89% |       14351      3.14%     25.03% |       14286      3.12%     28.15% |       14338      3.14%     31.28% |       14303      3.13%     34.41% |       14346      3.14%     37.55% |       14336      3.13%     40.68% |       14321      3.13%     43.82% |       14274      3.12%     46.94% |       14390      3.15%     50.08% |       14278      3.12%     53.20% |       14345      3.14%     56.34% |       14277      3.12%     59.46% |       14319      3.13%     62.59% |       14257      3.12%     65.71% |       14318      3.13%     68.84% |       14247      3.12%     71.96% |       14301      3.13%     75.09% |       14275      3.12%     78.21% |       14294      3.13%     81.33% |       14270      3.12%     84.45% |       14213      3.11%     87.56% |       14226      3.11%     90.67% |       14261      3.12%     93.79% |       14166      3.10%     96.89% |       14235      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       457322                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1446      2.94%      2.94% |        1446      2.94%      5.87% |        1480      3.01%      8.88% |        1471      2.99%     11.87% |        1510      3.07%     14.94% |        1502      3.05%     17.99% |        1466      2.98%     20.96% |        1438      2.92%     23.89% |        1522      3.09%     26.98% |        1525      3.10%     30.07% |        1579      3.21%     33.28% |        1531      3.11%     36.39% |        1548      3.14%     39.54% |        1563      3.17%     42.71% |        1576      3.20%     45.91% |        1543      3.13%     49.05% |        1600      3.25%     52.30% |        1571      3.19%     55.49% |        1593      3.24%     58.72% |        1574      3.20%     61.92% |        1595      3.24%     65.16% |        1544      3.14%     68.30% |        1629      3.31%     71.61% |        1546      3.14%     74.75% |        1566      3.18%     77.93% |        1557      3.16%     81.09% |        1549      3.15%     84.24% |        1560      3.17%     87.40% |        1571      3.19%     90.60% |        1541      3.13%     93.73% |        1560      3.17%     96.89% |        1529      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        49231                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         882      3.11%      3.11% |         891      3.14%      6.25% |         881      3.11%      9.36% |         882      3.11%     12.47% |         886      3.13%     15.60% |         894      3.15%     18.75% |         878      3.10%     21.85% |         888      3.13%     24.98% |         878      3.10%     28.08% |         896      3.16%     31.24% |         875      3.09%     34.32% |         885      3.12%     37.44% |         887      3.13%     40.57% |         895      3.16%     43.73% |         870      3.07%     46.80% |         897      3.16%     49.96% |         882      3.11%     53.07% |         894      3.15%     56.23% |         874      3.08%     59.31% |         891      3.14%     62.45% |         883      3.11%     65.57% |         893      3.15%     68.72% |         874      3.08%     71.80% |         901      3.18%     74.98% |         883      3.11%     78.09% |         895      3.16%     81.25% |         882      3.11%     84.36% |         888      3.13%     87.49% |         882      3.11%     90.60% |         896      3.16%     93.76% |         877      3.09%     96.86% |         891      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        28351                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      145546      5.90%      5.90% |       75601      3.07%      8.97% |       74214      3.01%     11.98% |       75259      3.05%     15.03% |       74470      3.02%     18.05% |       74032      3.00%     21.05% |       74032      3.00%     24.06% |       73873      3.00%     27.05% |       74052      3.00%     30.05% |       75102      3.05%     33.10% |       76073      3.09%     36.19% |       75772      3.07%     39.26% |       75473      3.06%     42.32% |       74077      3.00%     45.32% |       73546      2.98%     48.31% |       74065      3.00%     51.31% |       75063      3.04%     54.35% |       74411      3.02%     57.37% |       74914      3.04%     60.41% |       75058      3.04%     63.45% |       74817      3.03%     66.49% |       76653      3.11%     69.60% |       74615      3.03%     72.62% |       74268      3.01%     75.63% |       74457      3.02%     78.65% |       74713      3.03%     81.68% |       74453      3.02%     84.70% |       74002      3.00%     87.71% |       74524      3.02%     90.73% |       73990      3.00%     93.73% |       76568      3.11%     96.83% |       78082      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2465775                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         271      3.47%      3.47% |         244      3.13%      6.60% |         257      3.29%      9.90% |         230      2.95%     12.85% |         225      2.88%     15.73% |         254      3.26%     18.99% |         269      3.45%     22.44% |         212      2.72%     25.15% |         241      3.09%     28.24% |         263      3.37%     31.62% |         250      3.21%     34.82% |         226      2.90%     37.72% |         258      3.31%     41.03% |         254      3.26%     44.28% |         256      3.28%     47.56% |         224      2.87%     50.44% |         247      3.17%     53.60% |         287      3.68%     57.28% |         244      3.13%     60.41% |         215      2.76%     63.17% |         250      3.21%     66.37% |         264      3.38%     69.76% |         249      3.19%     72.95% |         202      2.59%     75.54% |         243      3.12%     78.65% |         262      3.36%     82.01% |         249      3.19%     85.21% |         201      2.58%     87.78% |         250      3.21%     90.99% |         244      3.13%     94.12% |         247      3.17%     97.28% |         212      2.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total         7800                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         526      3.16%      3.16% |         496      2.98%      6.14% |         498      2.99%      9.14% |         485      2.92%     12.05% |         511      3.07%     15.12% |         511      3.07%     18.20% |         520      3.13%     21.32% |         488      2.93%     24.26% |         523      3.14%     27.40% |         518      3.11%     30.51% |         550      3.31%     33.82% |         497      2.99%     36.81% |         505      3.04%     39.84% |         513      3.08%     42.93% |         556      3.34%     46.27% |         490      2.95%     49.22% |         520      3.13%     52.34% |         494      2.97%     55.31% |         505      3.04%     58.35% |         502      3.02%     61.36% |         542      3.26%     64.62% |         587      3.53%     68.15% |         543      3.26%     71.42% |         532      3.20%     74.61% |         520      3.13%     77.74% |         531      3.19%     80.93% |         499      3.00%     83.93% |         548      3.29%     87.23% |         507      3.05%     90.27% |         516      3.10%     93.38% |         564      3.39%     96.77% |         538      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16635                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28     32.94%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |           0      0.00%     32.94% |          21     24.71%     57.65% |          18     21.18%     78.82% |          18     21.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      0.88%      0.88% |           0      0.00%      0.88% |           1      0.88%      1.77% |           1      0.88%      2.65% |           1      0.88%      3.54% |           0      0.00%      3.54% |           0      0.00%      3.54% |           1      0.88%      4.42% |           1      0.88%      5.31% |           0      0.00%      5.31% |          27     23.89%     29.20% |           0      0.00%     29.20% |           0      0.00%     29.20% |           1      0.88%     30.09% |           0      0.00%     30.09% |           2      1.77%     31.86% |           3      2.65%     34.51% |           1      0.88%     35.40% |           1      0.88%     36.28% |           1      0.88%     37.17% |           1      0.88%     38.05% |          51     45.13%     83.19% |          14     12.39%     95.58% |           1      0.88%     96.46% |           1      0.88%     97.35% |           1      0.88%     98.23% |           1      0.88%     99.12% |           0      0.00%     99.12% |           0      0.00%     99.12% |           1      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          113                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           1      3.12%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           1      3.12%      9.38% |           1      3.12%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1      3.12%     15.62% |           0      0.00%     15.62% |           3      9.38%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           2      6.25%     37.50% |           1      3.12%     40.62% |           0      0.00%     40.62% |           0      0.00%     40.62% |           2      6.25%     46.88% |           0      0.00%     46.88% |           1      3.12%     50.00% |           1      3.12%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           3      9.38%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           2      6.25%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           2      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46079      3.64%      3.64% |       39396      3.11%      6.75% |       39410      3.11%      9.86% |       39403      3.11%     12.96% |       39371      3.11%     16.07% |       39323      3.10%     19.17% |       39346      3.10%     22.28% |       39425      3.11%     25.39% |       39411      3.11%     28.50% |       39411      3.11%     31.61% |       39454      3.11%     34.72% |       39414      3.11%     37.83% |       39419      3.11%     40.95% |       39370      3.11%     44.05% |       39402      3.11%     47.16% |       39387      3.11%     50.27% |       39378      3.11%     53.38% |       39403      3.11%     56.49% |       39386      3.11%     59.60% |       39364      3.11%     62.70% |       39381      3.11%     65.81% |       39461      3.11%     68.92% |       39369      3.11%     72.03% |       39346      3.10%     75.13% |       39439      3.11%     78.25% |       39457      3.11%     81.36% |       39403      3.11%     84.47% |       39311      3.10%     87.57% |       39397      3.11%     90.68% |       39387      3.11%     93.79% |       39354      3.11%     96.90% |       39342      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1267199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1      2.33%      2.33% |           0      0.00%      2.33% |           3      6.98%      9.30% |           4      9.30%     18.60% |           2      4.65%     23.26% |           1      2.33%     25.58% |           3      6.98%     32.56% |           6     13.95%     46.51% |           2      4.65%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           0      0.00%     51.16% |           2      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           1      2.33%     58.14% |           2      4.65%     62.79% |           0      0.00%     62.79% |           0      0.00%     62.79% |           0      0.00%     62.79% |           0      0.00%     62.79% |           0      0.00%     62.79% |           2      4.65%     67.44% |           3      6.98%     74.42% |           1      2.33%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           2      4.65%     81.40% |           1      2.33%     83.72% |           1      2.33%     86.05% |           1      2.33%     88.37% |           1      2.33%     90.70% |           2      4.65%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           2      4.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         322      4.12%      4.12% |         242      3.10%      7.22% |         256      3.28%     10.50% |         229      2.93%     13.43% |         224      2.87%     16.30% |         252      3.23%     19.52% |         268      3.43%     22.95% |         211      2.70%     25.65% |         239      3.06%     28.71% |         262      3.35%     32.07% |         247      3.16%     35.23% |         226      2.89%     38.12% |         258      3.30%     41.42% |         254      3.25%     44.67% |         256      3.28%     47.95% |         224      2.87%     50.82% |         247      3.16%     53.98% |         286      3.66%     57.64% |         243      3.11%     60.75% |         215      2.75%     63.50% |         249      3.19%     66.69% |         260      3.33%     70.02% |         246      3.15%     73.17% |         202      2.59%     75.76% |         242      3.10%     78.85% |         261      3.34%     82.19% |         248      3.17%     85.37% |         199      2.55%     87.92% |         247      3.16%     91.08% |         242      3.10%     94.18% |         245      3.14%     97.31% |         210      2.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total         7812                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.14%      7.14% |           2      4.76%     11.90% |           1      2.38%     14.29% |           1      2.38%     16.67% |           1      2.38%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           1      2.38%     26.19% |           1      2.38%     28.57% |           2      4.76%     33.33% |           1      2.38%     35.71% |           3      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      2.38%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      2.38%     50.00% |           4      9.52%     59.52% |           3      7.14%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           1      2.38%     73.81% |           2      4.76%     78.57% |           3      7.14%     85.71% |           2      4.76%     90.48% |           2      4.76%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     15.79%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |          13     68.42%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     17.39%     17.39% |          19     82.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1      2.13%      2.13% |           1      2.13%      4.26% |           0      0.00%      4.26% |           1      2.13%      6.38% |           5     10.64%     17.02% |           3      6.38%     23.40% |           1      2.13%     25.53% |           2      4.26%     29.79% |           0      0.00%     29.79% |           3      6.38%     36.17% |           0      0.00%     36.17% |           2      4.26%     40.43% |           1      2.13%     42.55% |           1      2.13%     44.68% |           2      4.26%     48.94% |           0      0.00%     48.94% |           1      2.13%     51.06% |           0      0.00%     51.06% |           1      2.13%     53.19% |           1      2.13%     55.32% |           3      6.38%     61.70% |           3      6.38%     68.09% |           1      2.13%     70.21% |           1      2.13%     72.34% |           3      6.38%     78.72% |           1      2.13%     80.85% |           0      0.00%     80.85% |           2      4.26%     85.11% |           1      2.13%     87.23% |           4      8.51%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           2      4.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           47                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         122      2.79%      2.79% |         148      3.38%      6.17% |         132      3.02%      9.19% |         118      2.70%     11.89% |         122      2.79%     14.68% |         133      3.04%     17.72% |         121      2.77%     20.48% |         131      2.99%     23.48% |         129      2.95%     26.43% |         150      3.43%     29.86% |         132      3.02%     32.88% |         120      2.74%     35.62% |         132      3.02%     38.64% |         127      2.90%     41.54% |         125      2.86%     44.40% |         139      3.18%     47.58% |         131      2.99%     50.57% |         128      2.93%     53.50% |         134      3.06%     56.56% |         130      2.97%     59.53% |         159      3.64%     63.17% |         177      4.05%     67.22% |         131      2.99%     70.21% |         153      3.50%     73.71% |         137      3.13%     76.84% |         160      3.66%     80.50% |         140      3.20%     83.70% |         147      3.36%     87.06% |         130      2.97%     90.03% |         133      3.04%     93.07% |         158      3.61%     96.68% |         145      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         4374                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           1      2.70%      2.70% |           1      2.70%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |           1      2.70%      8.11% |           2      5.41%     13.51% |           4     10.81%     24.32% |           1      2.70%     27.03% |           1      2.70%     29.73% |           0      0.00%     29.73% |           3      8.11%     37.84% |           0      0.00%     37.84% |           2      5.41%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           1      2.70%     45.95% |           2      5.41%     51.35% |           0      0.00%     51.35% |           1      2.70%     54.05% |           0      0.00%     54.05% |           0      0.00%     54.05% |           0      0.00%     54.05% |           3      8.11%     62.16% |           2      5.41%     67.57% |           1      2.70%     70.27% |           0      0.00%     70.27% |           3      8.11%     78.38% |           1      2.70%     81.08% |           0      0.00%     81.08% |           0      0.00%     81.08% |           2      5.41%     86.49% |           3      8.11%     94.59% |           0      0.00%     94.59% |           2      5.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         403      3.30%      3.30% |         347      2.84%      6.14% |         366      2.99%      9.13% |         366      2.99%     12.12% |         387      3.17%     15.29% |         374      3.06%     18.35% |         398      3.26%     21.61% |         356      2.91%     24.52% |         394      3.22%     27.74% |         365      2.99%     30.73% |         418      3.42%     34.15% |         375      3.07%     37.21% |         373      3.05%     40.27% |         385      3.15%     43.41% |         429      3.51%     46.92% |         351      2.87%     49.80% |         388      3.17%     52.97% |         366      2.99%     55.96% |         371      3.04%     59.00% |         372      3.04%     62.04% |         380      3.11%     65.15% |         408      3.34%     68.49% |         411      3.36%     71.85% |         379      3.10%     74.95% |         380      3.11%     78.06% |         370      3.03%     81.09% |         359      2.94%     84.02% |         401      3.28%     87.30% |         375      3.07%     90.37% |         380      3.11%     93.48% |         406      3.32%     96.80% |         391      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        12224                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        4004      3.24%      3.24% |        3945      3.19%      6.43% |        3930      3.18%      9.61% |        3918      3.17%     12.78% |        3919      3.17%     15.96% |        3879      3.14%     19.09% |        3895      3.15%     22.25% |        3874      3.14%     25.38% |        3893      3.15%     28.53% |        3834      3.10%     31.64% |        3787      3.06%     34.70% |        3750      3.03%     37.73% |        3770      3.05%     40.79% |        3738      3.03%     43.81% |        3747      3.03%     46.84% |        3701      3.00%     49.84% |        3776      3.06%     52.89% |        3740      3.03%     55.92% |        3791      3.07%     58.99% |        3766      3.05%     62.04% |        3844      3.11%     65.15% |        3799      3.07%     68.22% |        3896      3.15%     71.38% |        3838      3.11%     74.48% |        3909      3.16%     77.64% |        3872      3.13%     80.78% |        3946      3.19%     83.97% |        3943      3.19%     87.16% |        3989      3.23%     90.39% |        3934      3.18%     93.57% |        3988      3.23%     96.80% |        3952      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total       123567                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        3087      3.21%      3.21% |        2991      3.11%      6.33% |        3000      3.12%      9.45% |        2998      3.12%     12.57% |        3017      3.14%     15.71% |        2982      3.10%     18.82% |        3006      3.13%     21.94% |        3008      3.13%     25.08% |        3010      3.13%     28.21% |        2973      3.09%     31.30% |        2997      3.12%     34.42% |        2971      3.09%     37.52% |        3012      3.14%     40.65% |        2952      3.07%     43.72% |        2991      3.11%     46.84% |        2942      3.06%     49.90% |        2988      3.11%     53.01% |        2974      3.10%     56.11% |        3005      3.13%     59.23% |        2949      3.07%     62.30% |        2997      3.12%     65.42% |        2980      3.10%     68.53% |        2979      3.10%     71.63% |        2939      3.06%     74.69% |        3043      3.17%     77.85% |        3057      3.18%     81.04% |        3044      3.17%     84.21% |        2985      3.11%     87.31% |        3067      3.19%     90.51% |        3039      3.16%     93.67% |        3070      3.20%     96.86% |        3012      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        96065                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |        1209      3.36%      3.36% |        1177      3.28%      6.64% |        1166      3.25%      9.89% |        1173      3.26%     13.15% |        1157      3.22%     16.37% |        1157      3.22%     19.59% |        1210      3.37%     22.96% |        1197      3.33%     26.29% |        1153      3.21%     29.50% |        1140      3.17%     32.67% |        1109      3.09%     35.76% |        1131      3.15%     38.91% |        1140      3.17%     42.08% |        1096      3.05%     45.13% |        1116      3.11%     48.24% |        1116      3.11%     51.34% |        1101      3.06%     54.41% |        1101      3.06%     57.47% |        1102      3.07%     60.54% |        1088      3.03%     63.57% |        1107      3.08%     66.65% |        1101      3.06%     69.71% |        1048      2.92%     72.63% |        1083      3.01%     75.64% |        1105      3.08%     78.72% |        1096      3.05%     81.77% |        1104      3.07%     84.84% |        1069      2.98%     87.82% |        1102      3.07%     90.88% |        1080      3.01%     93.89% |        1094      3.04%     96.94% |        1101      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        35929                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23434      4.28%      4.28% |       16883      3.09%      7.37% |       16900      3.09%     10.46% |       16879      3.09%     13.54% |       16866      3.08%     16.63% |       16831      3.08%     19.70% |       16779      3.07%     22.77% |       16831      3.08%     25.84% |       16884      3.09%     28.93% |       16909      3.09%     32.02% |       16973      3.10%     35.12% |       16886      3.09%     38.21% |       16868      3.08%     41.29% |       16889      3.09%     44.38% |       16888      3.09%     47.47% |       16889      3.09%     50.55% |       16874      3.08%     53.64% |       16888      3.09%     56.72% |       16873      3.08%     59.81% |       16903      3.09%     62.90% |       16884      3.09%     65.98% |       16938      3.10%     69.08% |       16980      3.10%     72.18% |       16915      3.09%     75.27% |       16924      3.09%     78.37% |       16941      3.10%     81.46% |       16893      3.09%     84.55% |       16898      3.09%     87.64% |       16925      3.09%     90.73% |       16925      3.09%     93.83% |       16872      3.08%     96.91% |       16906      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       547128                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        1677      3.33%      3.33% |        1591      3.16%      6.49% |        1588      3.15%      9.64% |        1592      3.16%     12.80% |        1589      3.15%     15.95% |        1565      3.11%     19.06% |        1640      3.26%     22.32% |        1675      3.33%     25.64% |        1598      3.17%     28.81% |        1572      3.12%     31.94% |        1567      3.11%     35.05% |        1589      3.15%     38.20% |        1628      3.23%     41.43% |        1562      3.10%     44.53% |        1595      3.17%     47.70% |        1581      3.14%     50.84% |        1577      3.13%     53.97% |        1583      3.14%     57.11% |        1581      3.14%     60.25% |        1535      3.05%     63.30% |        1542      3.06%     66.36% |        1562      3.10%     69.46% |        1469      2.92%     72.37% |        1505      2.99%     75.36% |        1578      3.13%     78.49% |        1590      3.16%     81.65% |        1575      3.13%     84.78% |        1495      2.97%     87.75% |        1553      3.08%     90.83% |        1542      3.06%     93.89% |        1554      3.08%     96.97% |        1524      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        50374                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21992      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.25% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.50% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21953      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.37% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21943      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21951      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21956      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21979      3.13%     65.63% |       21985      3.13%     68.76% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21961      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.26% |       21959      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21944      3.12%     93.75% |       21952      3.12%     96.88% |       21936      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702465                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         101      3.18%      3.18% |         110      3.46%      6.64% |          92      2.89%      9.53% |         106      3.33%     12.87% |         113      3.55%     16.42% |         120      3.77%     20.20% |          98      3.08%     23.28% |         100      3.15%     26.42% |         105      3.30%     29.73% |          98      3.08%     32.81% |         104      3.27%     36.08% |          96      3.02%     39.10% |          94      2.96%     42.06% |          92      2.89%     44.95% |          99      3.11%     48.07% |          92      2.89%     50.96% |          81      2.55%     53.51% |          91      2.86%     56.37% |         100      3.15%     59.52% |         104      3.27%     62.79% |          93      2.93%     65.71% |          94      2.96%     68.67% |         110      3.46%     72.13% |         103      3.24%     75.37% |          92      2.89%     78.26% |          89      2.80%     81.06% |         100      3.15%     84.21% |         112      3.52%     87.73% |          95      2.99%     90.72% |          86      2.71%     93.43% |         109      3.43%     96.85% |         100      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         3179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2      2.99%      2.99% |           3      4.48%      7.46% |           2      2.99%     10.45% |           0      0.00%     10.45% |           3      4.48%     14.93% |           2      2.99%     17.91% |           2      2.99%     20.90% |           2      2.99%     23.88% |           3      4.48%     28.36% |           1      1.49%     29.85% |           2      2.99%     32.84% |           1      1.49%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           7     10.45%     44.78% |           1      1.49%     46.27% |           7     10.45%     56.72% |           3      4.48%     61.19% |           2      2.99%     64.18% |           3      4.48%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           2      2.99%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           4      5.97%     77.61% |           4      5.97%     83.58% |           0      0.00%     83.58% |           2      2.99%     86.57% |           3      4.48%     91.04% |           3      4.48%     95.52% |           0      0.00%     95.52% |           0      0.00%     95.52% |           3      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      148920      5.79%      5.79% |       78891      3.07%      8.85% |       77526      3.01%     11.86% |       78530      3.05%     14.91% |       77790      3.02%     17.94% |       77397      3.01%     20.94% |       77371      3.01%     23.95% |       77104      3.00%     26.95% |       77401      3.01%     29.95% |       78500      3.05%     33.00% |       79505      3.09%     36.09% |       79102      3.07%     39.16% |       78835      3.06%     42.23% |       77483      3.01%     45.24% |       76975      2.99%     48.23% |       77388      3.01%     51.24% |       78476      3.05%     54.28% |       77831      3.02%     57.31% |       78290      3.04%     60.35% |       78409      3.05%     63.40% |       78254      3.04%     66.44% |       80122      3.11%     69.55% |       78088      3.03%     72.58% |       77629      3.02%     75.60% |       77847      3.02%     78.62% |       78145      3.04%     81.66% |       77822      3.02%     84.68% |       77398      3.01%     87.69% |       77930      3.03%     90.72% |       77392      3.01%     93.73% |       80025      3.11%     96.84% |       81460      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2573836                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.41%      7.41% |           1      3.70%     11.11% |           2      7.41%     18.52% |           2      7.41%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           3     11.11%     37.04% |           1      3.70%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           2      7.41%     48.15% |           1      3.70%     51.85% |           3     11.11%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           2      7.41%     70.37% |           1      3.70%     74.07% |           2      7.41%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           2      7.41%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           4      2.74%      2.74% |           4      2.74%      5.48% |           2      1.37%      6.85% |           5      3.42%     10.27% |           5      3.42%     13.70% |           4      2.74%     16.44% |           2      1.37%     17.81% |           5      3.42%     21.23% |           6      4.11%     25.34% |           2      1.37%     26.71% |           7      4.79%     31.51% |           5      3.42%     34.93% |          11      7.53%     42.47% |           5      3.42%     45.89% |           4      2.74%     48.63% |           3      2.05%     50.68% |           2      1.37%     52.05% |           4      2.74%     54.79% |           6      4.11%     58.90% |           7      4.79%     63.70% |           8      5.48%     69.18% |           2      1.37%     70.55% |           9      6.16%     76.71% |           2      1.37%     78.08% |           3      2.05%     80.14% |           5      3.42%     83.56% |           5      3.42%     86.99% |           4      2.74%     89.73% |           5      3.42%     93.15% |           3      2.05%     95.21% |           5      3.42%     98.63% |           2      1.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          146                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1401      2.98%      2.98% |        1418      3.01%      5.99% |        1419      3.02%      9.01% |        1421      3.02%     12.03% |        1463      3.11%     15.14% |        1452      3.09%     18.22% |        1431      3.04%     21.27% |        1389      2.95%     24.22% |        1424      3.03%     27.25% |        1452      3.09%     30.33% |        1482      3.15%     33.48% |        1415      3.01%     36.49% |        1452      3.09%     39.58% |        1488      3.16%     42.74% |        1466      3.12%     45.86% |        1477      3.14%     48.99% |        1514      3.22%     52.21% |        1497      3.18%     55.39% |        1534      3.26%     58.66% |        1493      3.17%     61.83% |        1497      3.18%     65.01% |        1493      3.17%     68.18% |        1558      3.31%     71.50% |        1474      3.13%     74.63% |        1478      3.14%     77.77% |        1479      3.14%     80.91% |        1481      3.15%     84.06% |        1498      3.18%     87.25% |        1516      3.22%     90.47% |        1479      3.14%     93.61% |        1518      3.23%     96.84% |        1487      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        47046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          45      2.06%      2.06% |          28      1.28%      3.34% |          61      2.79%      6.14% |          50      2.29%      8.43% |          47      2.15%     10.58% |          50      2.29%     12.87% |          35      1.60%     14.48% |          49      2.24%     16.72% |          98      4.49%     21.21% |          73      3.34%     24.55% |          97      4.44%     29.00% |         116      5.31%     34.31% |          96      4.40%     38.71% |          75      3.44%     42.14% |         110      5.04%     47.18% |          66      3.02%     50.21% |          86      3.94%     54.15% |          74      3.39%     57.54% |          59      2.70%     60.24% |          81      3.71%     63.95% |          98      4.49%     68.44% |          51      2.34%     70.77% |          71      3.25%     74.03% |          72      3.30%     77.32% |          88      4.03%     81.36% |          76      3.48%     84.84% |          68      3.11%     87.95% |          62      2.84%     90.79% |          55      2.52%     93.31% |          62      2.84%     96.15% |          42      1.92%     98.08% |          42      1.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2183                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          45      2.06%      2.06% |          28      1.28%      3.34% |          61      2.79%      6.14% |          50      2.29%      8.43% |          47      2.15%     10.58% |          50      2.29%     12.87% |          35      1.60%     14.48% |          49      2.24%     16.72% |          98      4.49%     21.21% |          73      3.34%     24.55% |          97      4.44%     29.00% |         116      5.31%     34.31% |          96      4.40%     38.71% |          75      3.44%     42.14% |         110      5.04%     47.18% |          66      3.02%     50.21% |          86      3.94%     54.15% |          74      3.39%     57.54% |          59      2.70%     60.24% |          81      3.71%     63.95% |          98      4.49%     68.44% |          51      2.34%     70.77% |          71      3.25%     74.03% |          72      3.30%     77.32% |          88      4.03%     81.36% |          76      3.48%     84.84% |          68      3.11%     87.95% |          62      2.84%     90.79% |          55      2.52%     93.31% |          62      2.84%     96.15% |          42      1.92%     98.08% |          42      1.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2183                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.33%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           1      3.33%      6.67% |           1      3.33%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           3     10.00%     20.00% |           1      3.33%     23.33% |           1      3.33%     26.67% |           1      3.33%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           1      3.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2      6.67%     40.00% |           2      6.67%     46.67% |           2      6.67%     53.33% |           2      6.67%     60.00% |           2      6.67%     66.67% |           1      3.33%     70.00% |           3     10.00%     80.00% |           3     10.00%     90.00% |           1      3.33%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           2      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1401      2.98%      2.98% |        1418      3.01%      5.99% |        1419      3.02%      9.01% |        1421      3.02%     12.03% |        1463      3.11%     15.14% |        1452      3.09%     18.22% |        1431      3.04%     21.27% |        1389      2.95%     24.22% |        1424      3.03%     27.24% |        1452      3.09%     30.33% |        1482      3.15%     33.48% |        1415      3.01%     36.49% |        1452      3.09%     39.57% |        1488      3.16%     42.74% |        1466      3.12%     45.85% |        1477      3.14%     48.99% |        1514      3.22%     52.21% |        1497      3.18%     55.39% |        1534      3.26%     58.65% |        1493      3.17%     61.83% |        1497      3.18%     65.01% |        1493      3.17%     68.18% |        1558      3.31%     71.49% |        1474      3.13%     74.63% |        1478      3.14%     77.77% |        1481      3.15%     80.92% |        1481      3.15%     84.06% |        1498      3.18%     87.25% |        1516      3.22%     90.47% |        1479      3.14%     93.61% |        1518      3.23%     96.84% |        1487      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        47048                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      443631     21.66%     21.66% |     1024217     50.00%     71.66% |       36120      1.76%     73.42% |       36649      1.79%     75.21% |       36545      1.78%     76.99% |       36968      1.80%     78.80% |       36427      1.78%     80.58% |       36963      1.80%     82.38% |       35949      1.75%     84.14% |       36318      1.77%     85.91% |       36141      1.76%     87.67% |       36184      1.77%     89.44% |       36285      1.77%     91.21% |       35967      1.76%     92.97% |       35652      1.74%     94.71% |       35944      1.75%     96.46% |       35985      1.76%     98.22% |       36489      1.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2048434                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      443631     21.66%     21.66% |     1024217     50.00%     71.66% |       36120      1.76%     73.42% |       36649      1.79%     75.21% |       36545      1.78%     76.99% |       36968      1.80%     78.80% |       36427      1.78%     80.58% |       36963      1.80%     82.38% |       35949      1.75%     84.14% |       36318      1.77%     85.91% |       36141      1.76%     87.67% |       36184      1.77%     89.44% |       36285      1.77%     91.21% |       35967      1.76%     92.97% |       35652      1.74%     94.71% |       35944      1.75%     96.46% |       35985      1.76%     98.22% |       36489      1.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2048434                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      443631     21.66%     21.66% |     1024217     50.00%     71.66% |       36120      1.76%     73.42% |       36649      1.79%     75.21% |       36545      1.78%     76.99% |       36968      1.80%     78.80% |       36427      1.78%     80.58% |       36963      1.80%     82.38% |       35949      1.75%     84.14% |       36318      1.77%     85.91% |       36141      1.76%     87.67% |       36184      1.77%     89.44% |       36285      1.77%     91.21% |       35967      1.76%     92.97% |       35652      1.74%     94.71% |       35944      1.75%     96.46% |       35985      1.76%     98.22% |       36489      1.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2048434                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      443631     21.66%     21.66% |     1024217     50.00%     71.66% |       36120      1.76%     73.42% |       36649      1.79%     75.21% |       36545      1.78%     76.99% |       36968      1.80%     78.80% |       36427      1.78%     80.58% |       36963      1.80%     82.38% |       35949      1.75%     84.14% |       36318      1.77%     85.91% |       36141      1.76%     87.67% |       36184      1.77%     89.44% |       36285      1.77%     91.21% |       35967      1.76%     92.97% |       35652      1.74%     94.71% |       35944      1.75%     96.46% |       35985      1.76%     98.22% |       36489      1.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2048434                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
