
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.057151                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 57150577000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5233318655500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  61788                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   109258                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              152414028                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4042460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   374.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    23168787                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40968442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12630592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12630592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8054080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8054080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125845                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125845                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    221005503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            221005503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    140927361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           140927361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    361932864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           361932864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197353                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125845                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197353                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125845                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12629056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8054080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12630592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8054080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             8000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    18085                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     5456                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  57150071500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197353                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125845                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  74213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   8775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   7842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   7383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   6959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   6471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   5891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   5342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   4832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  4224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 19543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  18233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  20522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  21339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  21351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  21371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   6266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   6356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  10407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        84494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   244.777617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.632860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   221.383470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26020     30.80%     30.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22696     26.86%     57.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21367     25.29%     82.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4798      5.68%     88.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3411      4.04%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1678      1.99%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1122      1.33%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          851      1.01%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2551      3.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        84494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18962                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.406550                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.737431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18953     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        18962                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18962                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.636694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.127799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.187876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14945     78.82%     78.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1920     10.13%     88.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1069      5.64%     94.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1028      5.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        18962                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 19171125006                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            22871043756                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 986645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    97153.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              115903.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      220.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      140.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   221.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   140.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.37                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  153542                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  85126                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                77.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    176826.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   73.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11628257500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1908140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43607219750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              321647760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              316869840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              175502250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              172895250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             767153400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             770328000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            407468880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407592000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3732321840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3732321840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22590404730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        22069790100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14470017750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14926697250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42464516610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42396494280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          743.119331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.928956                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12402112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12402112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7836800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7836800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    217007643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            217007643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137125475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137125475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    354133118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           354133118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193783                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122450                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193783                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122450                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12400320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7836736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12402112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7836800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    13816                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     4924                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  57149793500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193783                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122450                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  73045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   8675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   8383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   8030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   7550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   7063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   6619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   6176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   5085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  4452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  3992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 15240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  17695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  19995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  20687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  21002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  21055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   6245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   6186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   9585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        77717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   260.380200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   188.305191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.220409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19970     25.70%     25.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21842     28.10%     53.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21565     27.75%     81.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4655      5.99%     87.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3472      4.47%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1628      2.09%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1153      1.48%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          817      1.05%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2615      3.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        77717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.522674                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.286337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18406     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        18413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.650138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.140282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.179767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14336     77.86%     77.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2047     11.12%     88.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1051      5.71%     94.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          979      5.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        18413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 17872125189                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            21505031439                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 968775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    92240.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              110990.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      216.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   217.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.35                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  152062                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  86415                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    180720.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11893769500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1908140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    43341727250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              297017280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              290304000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              162063000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              158400000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             753955800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             755695200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            396770400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396264960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3732321840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3732321840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22367410470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21810160800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14665638750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15154454250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42375177540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          42297601050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.555659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.198088                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12402944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12402944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7836864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7836864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    217022201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            217022201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137126595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137126595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    354148795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           354148795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193796                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122451                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193796                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122451                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12401600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7836736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12402944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7836864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            11999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    14668                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     5155                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  57150418500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193796                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122451                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  72970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   8658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   8401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   7792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   7462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   7009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   6594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   6011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   4966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  4516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 16232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  17647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  19849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  20731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  20880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  20900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   6228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   6341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   9875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        77419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   261.389065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.450336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.995894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19573     25.28%     25.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21680     28.00%     53.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21825     28.19%     81.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4671      6.03%     87.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3498      4.52%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1608      2.08%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1136      1.47%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          807      1.04%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2621      3.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        77419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18370                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.548285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.359987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18365     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        18370                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.665705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.147265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.208304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14280     77.74%     77.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2018     10.99%     88.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1071      5.83%     94.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1001      5.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        18370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 18205881538                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            21839162788                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 968875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    93953.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              112703.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      217.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   217.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.35                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  152144                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  86651                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    180714.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11876819000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1908140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    43358638500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              294318360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              290734920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              160590375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              158635125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             754322400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             755484600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            396673200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396375120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3732321840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3732321840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        22118226705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21616870950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14884197000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15323982750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42340649880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          42274405305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.951951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.792686                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12382400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12382400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7835328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7835328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    216662729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            216662729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137099718                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137099718                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    353762448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           353762448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193475                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122427                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193475                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122427                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12381568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7835072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12382400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7835328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           11995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    14337                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     5058                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  57149519000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193475                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122427                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  72798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   8524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   8275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   8059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   7651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   7297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   6854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   6170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   5092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  4553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 15715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  17704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  19898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  20838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  20901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  20972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   6231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   6257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   9626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        76966                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   262.646467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.751243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.576726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19076     24.78%     24.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22001     28.59%     53.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21576     28.03%     81.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4711      6.12%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3399      4.42%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1617      2.10%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1151      1.50%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          742      0.96%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2693      3.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        76966                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.494982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.964040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18427     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        18433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18433                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.641513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.136383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.161378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14359     77.90%     77.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2104     11.41%     89.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          993      5.39%     94.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          977      5.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        18433                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 17850323823                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            21477736323                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    92267.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              111017.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      216.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   216.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.35                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  151961                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  86948                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    180909.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11623502000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1908140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43611954000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              293078520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              288572760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              159913875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              157455375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             752325600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             755047800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            396504720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396388080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3732321840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3732321840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        22101422535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21382297425                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14898936750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15529748250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42334503840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          42241831530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.844413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          739.222668                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7051867                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 57.871704                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.205175                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               124.546094                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6559843     93.02%     93.02% |      130470      1.85%     94.87% |       90180      1.28%     96.15% |       77549      1.10%     97.25% |       69308      0.98%     98.23% |       69104      0.98%     99.21% |       45999      0.65%     99.87% |        9002      0.13%     99.99% |         412      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7051867                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16705140                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.424792                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.699672                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.053110                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15285581     91.50%     91.50% |      936233      5.60%     97.11% |       47018      0.28%     97.39% |       39835      0.24%     97.63% |       49223      0.29%     97.92% |       61503      0.37%     98.29% |       74017      0.44%     98.73% |      107921      0.65%     99.38% |      103809      0.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16705140                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16705139                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              30.715066                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.073193                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            154.813588                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16598574     99.36%     99.36% |       93987      0.56%     99.92% |       11168      0.07%     99.99% |        1296      0.01%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16705139                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15527895                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000346                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000297                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.018977                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15522619     99.97%     99.97% |        5204      0.03%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15527895                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177244                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        396.273324                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       229.713187                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       443.093829                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1070679     90.95%     90.95% |       93987      7.98%     98.93% |       11168      0.95%     99.88% |        1296      0.11%     99.99% |          97      0.01%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177244                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         245929                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       245929                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          129                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           81                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           90                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           88                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     11718152                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509967                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     12228119                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3805635                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124095                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3929730                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       368020                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22445                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       129816                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529364                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47702                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        11726                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          512                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68403                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        11739                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          504                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67901                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        11470                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67882                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        11561                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        11445                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          531                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67876                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        11617                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          521                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67885                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        11380                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          495                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        11495                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53470                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27914                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81384                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24269                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36683                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12245                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36530                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10462                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24227                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34689                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9849                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34092                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10422                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34634                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9242                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9762                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33938                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11338                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24303                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10266                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24211                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10829                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8769                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10999                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35184                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24227                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10541                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34736                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10436                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34605                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10683                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24221                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34904                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10688                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24260                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34948                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34418                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11340                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35506                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12460                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36662                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13166                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37360                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11720                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39216                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18388                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42552                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24180                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33369                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9648                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8682                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32871                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8790                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32990                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9749                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33966                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10869                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24265                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        40445                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9909864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9909864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10150573                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9909864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4555743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4516964                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9909863                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.086700                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5154987                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5154987                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5389895                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5154987                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2889054                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2823355                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5154987                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.045100                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3878023                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3878023                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4075967                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3878023                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1610859                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1596547                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3878023                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.033928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3424363                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3424363                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3606909                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3424363                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1475967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1465667                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3424363                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029959                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4107011                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4107011                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4337742                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4107011                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2033367                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2000303                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4107011                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.035931                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4069839                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4069839                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4290592                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4069839                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1941438                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1925543                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4069839                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.035606                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4731548                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4731548                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4993507                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4731548                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1835644                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1812120                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4731548                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041395                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3473737                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3473737                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3715057                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3473737                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1465046                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1440861                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3473737                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.030391                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2377287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2377287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2489252                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2377287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1056424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1045671                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2377287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.020798                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2922755                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2922755                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3111311                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2922755                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1395628                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1374155                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2922755                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.025571                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2040839                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2040839                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2109973                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2040839                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       828858                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821859                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2040839                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017855                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1728203                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1728203                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1742761                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1728203                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694485                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694251                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1728203                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015120                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2154199                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2154199                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2175614                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2154199                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       974795                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       974335                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2154199                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.018847                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1804828                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1804828                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1821373                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1804828                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733539                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733172                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1804828                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015790                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1075124                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1075124                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1092321                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1075124                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       416661                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415664                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1075124                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009406                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1582274                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1582274                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1622694                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1582274                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       621383                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619766                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1582274                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013843                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2110811                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2110811                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2153258                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2110811                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       776131                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       773439                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2110811                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018467                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1672638                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1672638                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1720186                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1672638                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       638282                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       635010                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1672638                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014634                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1633114                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1633114                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1691890                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1633114                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       652455                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       649114                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1633114                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014288                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946281                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946281                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       959233                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946281                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       374719                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374257                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946281                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008279                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       918811                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       918811                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       921342                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       918811                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415047                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       918811                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008039                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1153539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1153539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1157443                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550828                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550471                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1153539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010092                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       998268                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       998268                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1002418                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       998268                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       440733                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       440688                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       998268                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008734                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       626861                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       626861                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626861                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626861                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258141                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258141                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       626861                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005484                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       865750                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       865750                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       868163                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       865750                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363441                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       865750                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007574                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1079810                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1079810                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1083594                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1079810                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507607                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507326                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1079810                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009447                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       985743                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       985743                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       989940                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985743                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428080                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428023                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       985743                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008624                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632341                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632341                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632341                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632341                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258829                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258829                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632341                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005532                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3911062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3911062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4170384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3911062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1622781                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1618374                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3911062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034217                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3836173                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3836173                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4032846                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3836173                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1554569                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1548721                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3836173                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033562                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3869822                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3869822                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4102690                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3869822                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1545449                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1538286                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3869822                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.033856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4018820                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4018820                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4238221                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4018820                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1625913                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1616736                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4018820                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035160                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6381916     29.43%     29.43% |    14235047     65.65%     95.08% |     1067028      4.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21683991                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6381917     29.43%     29.43% |    14235047     65.65%     95.08% |     1067028      4.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21683992                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   228636891                       |   356727805                       |    24459909                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   526400765                       |    56354586                       |     1067032                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   35.825744                       |   25.059826                       |   22.923399                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   82.483186                       |    3.958862                       |    1.000004                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.123264                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    26.924120                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         55.047384                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002993                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.068422      7.42%      7.42% |    0.068191      7.40%     14.82% |    0.066881      7.25%     22.07% |    0.066540      7.22%     29.29% |    0.152976     16.59%     45.88% |    0.149249     16.19%     62.07% |    0.152917     16.59%     78.66% |    0.149150     16.18%     94.84% |    0.011903      1.29%     96.13% |    0.011906      1.29%     97.42% |    0.011903      1.29%     98.71% |    0.011901      1.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.921939                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022882                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027417                       |    0.000001                       |    0.002854                       |    0.002853                       |    0.002854                       |    0.002851                       |    0.002853                       |    0.002852                       |    0.002854                       |    0.002854                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005330                       |    0.002820                       |    0.002632                       |    0.002782                       |    0.002646                       |    0.002664                       |    0.002619                       |    0.002629                       |    0.002679                       |    0.002728                       |    0.002811                       |    0.002715                       |    0.002686                       |    0.002707                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002675                       |    0.002763                       |    0.002701                       |    0.002715                       |    0.002736                       |    0.002746                       |    0.003034                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002713                       |    0.002728                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002749                       |    0.002816                       |    0.002841                       |    0.002940                       |    0.003120                       |    0.010345                       |    0.010155                       |    0.010156                       |    0.010139                       |    0.000213                       |           0                       |    0.001808                       |    0.003961                       |    0.000265                       |    0.000272                       |    0.000272                       |    0.000275                       |    0.000268                       |    0.000271                       |    0.000260                       |    0.000271                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002801                       |    0.000216                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002960                       |    0.002062                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002725                       |    0.000260                       |    0.003699                       |    0.007595                       |    0.002959                       |           0                       |    0.002871                       |    0.007633                       |           0                       |    0.007920                       |    0.011862                       |    0.003932                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002678                       |    0.000265                       |    0.008236                       |    0.007342                       |    0.011847                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002826                       |    0.000272                       |    0.010970                       |    0.007317                       |    0.005015                       |           0                       |    0.002859                       |    0.007451                       |           0                       |    0.011210                       |    0.007189                       |    0.004853                       |           0                       |    0.002755                       |           0                       |    0.005443                       |    0.003593                       |    0.003329                       |           0                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |    0.002728                       |    0.002064                       |           0                       |    0.003002                       |           0                       |    0.001380                       |    0.003034                       |    0.002676                       |    0.003561                       |    0.002721                       |    0.000271                       |    0.004126                       |    0.004535                       |    0.007730                       |    0.002627                       |    0.003560                       |    0.002686                       |    0.000272                       |    0.005224                       |    0.009808                       |    0.010599                       |    0.003782                       |    0.032299                       |    0.004518                       |    0.001808                       |    0.005346                       |    0.015433                       |    0.021406                       |    0.005890                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002850                       |    0.003961                       |    0.005500                       |    0.011367                       |    0.015561                       |    0.005857                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002691                       |    0.000275                       |    0.007806                       |    0.007957                       |    0.008482                       |    0.004837                       |           0                       |    0.002737                       |           0                       |    0.002488                       |    0.005416                       |    0.004298                       |    0.003908                       |           0                       |    0.002777                       |           0                       |    0.001253                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002686                       |           0                       |    0.002782                       |           0                       |    0.000461                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002771                       |           0                       |    0.002810                       |           0                       |    0.003917                       |    0.003338                       |    0.005086                       |    0.002704                       |           0                       |    0.002958                       |    0.007451                       |           0                       |    0.003064                       |    0.007915                       |    0.009747                       |    0.002722                       |    0.003560                       |    0.002665                       |    0.000268                       |    0.018332                       |    0.008224                       |    0.005551                       |    0.002797                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002692                       |    0.000271                       |    0.003939                       |    0.011059                       |    0.006140                       |    0.002732                       |           0                       |    0.003053                       |    0.007445                       |           0                       |    0.003985                       |    0.011448                       |    0.006469                       |    0.002759                       |           0                       |    0.002731                       |           0                       |    0.001620                       |    0.005412                       |    0.003233                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |    0.002780                       |           0                       |    0.000355                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |    0.002771                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002713                       |           0                       |    0.002704                       |           0                       |    0.001781                       |           0                       |    0.004921                       |           0                       |    0.002722                       |           0                       |    0.003668                       |    0.001337                       |    0.006117                       |           0                       |    0.002797                       |           0                       |    0.008961                       |    0.003526                       |    0.003184                       |           0                       |    0.002732                       |           0                       |    0.001782                       |    0.006791                       |    0.003329                       |           0                       |    0.002759                       |           0                       |    0.005512                       |    0.006017                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005484                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002749                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.921939                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5086997                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5086997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3477657                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2851613                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.998110                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          369452                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30074                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9971268                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55049                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7989846                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103631                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         10026317                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         8093477                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17961114                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158680                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              18119794                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3936781                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3946234                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3936781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3946234                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                110740111                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14807008                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29957963                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5086997                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3221065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90976769                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       165228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       239267                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320235                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3936148                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154078                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106995589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.513689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.781577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         96634665     90.32%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1576651      1.47%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           837604      0.78%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           767993      0.72%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           845817      0.79%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           871396      0.81%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           764360      0.71%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           496597      0.46%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4200506      3.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106995589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.270525                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9317761                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89814344                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4713980                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2806200                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343297                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51291453                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343297                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10475184                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        52035712                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7426604                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6236417                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30478368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49950784                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2361651                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     52065171                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     122933396                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     76725362                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      41626987                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10438156                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198376                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          19013075                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5048726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8256142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       706642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       556327                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           48690548                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       294106                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          51454555                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215544                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7783436                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12496203                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67877                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106995589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     86256799     80.62%     80.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7777522      7.27%     87.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5449597      5.09%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2459625      2.30%     95.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2079301      1.94%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1533507      1.43%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878525      0.82%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342629      0.32%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218084      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106995589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106618     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680329     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90846     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235514      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      33033178     64.20%     64.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9974032     19.38%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8128751     15.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       51454555                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.464642                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877793                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017060                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    210997952                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     56775513                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     45327486                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       52096791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       885243                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175600                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2684                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7766                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512695                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5906027                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343297                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4620044                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44974864                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48984654                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114031                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5048726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8256142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       285009                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          72359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44817126                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7766                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134144                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224987                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       359131                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50941365                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9821581                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17820840                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3873468                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7999259                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.460008                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               45407612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              45327520                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          25311759                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          41348655                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.409314                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.612154                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8006861                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       226229                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316766                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    105718537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.387524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.209172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89797236     84.94%     84.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5687964      5.38%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5148536      4.87%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1988700      1.88%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       986736      0.93%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       351556      0.33%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219228      0.21%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311437      0.29%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1227144      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    105718537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     23168786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40968439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11616561                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3873122                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3499593                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          40617165                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       292517                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     29160117     71.18%     71.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.12%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3873122      9.45%     81.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7743439     18.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40968439                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1227144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            153378462                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            99233031                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84744                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3744522                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            23168786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40968439                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.779711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.779711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.209218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.209218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         79607133                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        33137661                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19241397                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12935104                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        26128039                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1871656500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1871656499.999998                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3273407                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        93.986131                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       39.187361                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      175.515260                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2785847     85.11%     85.11% |      126257      3.86%     88.96% |       89934      2.75%     91.71% |       77544      2.37%     94.08% |       69308      2.12%     96.20% |       69104      2.11%     98.31% |       45999      1.41%     99.71% |        9002      0.28%     99.99% |         412      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3273407                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3762669                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.603303                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.121302                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.396365                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3731778     99.18%     99.18% |       26427      0.70%     99.88% |        3304      0.09%     99.97% |         909      0.02%     99.99% |         215      0.01%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3762669                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15791                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.118865                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.774475                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.245832                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         563      3.57%      3.57% |        1951     12.36%     15.92% |        7230     45.79%     61.71% |        3575     22.64%     84.35% |        2425     15.36%     99.70% |          38      0.24%     99.94% |           9      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15791                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4615468                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           48.327663                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.699777                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         199.625629                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4564115     98.89%     98.89% |       46269      1.00%     99.89% |        4448      0.10%     99.99% |         581      0.01%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4615468                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      4148904                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000858                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000740                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.029395                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4145354     99.91%     99.91% |        3543      0.09%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        4148904                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466564                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     451.394683                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    253.959390                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    462.045672                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      415211     88.99%     88.99% |       46269      9.92%     98.91% |        4448      0.95%     99.86% |         581      0.12%     99.99% |          52      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466564                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7991532                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           33.338442                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.152091                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         162.491186                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7936333     99.31%     99.31% |       47706      0.60%     99.91% |        6719      0.08%     99.99% |         715      0.01%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7991532                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7417138                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000230                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000196                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.016033                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7415511     99.98%     99.98% |        1562      0.02%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7417138                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574394                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     425.095152                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    275.746819                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    449.434697                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      519195     90.39%     90.39% |       47706      8.31%     98.70% |        6719      1.17%     99.87% |         715      0.12%     99.99% |          45      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574394                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3929729                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.594321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.321208                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.744414                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3927323     99.94%     99.94% |        2157      0.05%     99.99% |         210      0.01%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3929729                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3805635                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001356                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3805628    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3805635                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124094                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.155245                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.164857                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.605428                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      121688     98.06%     98.06% |        2157      1.74%     99.80% |         210      0.17%     99.97% |          26      0.02%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124094                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167090                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.748950                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.804939                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    31.522292                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      164772     98.61%     98.61% |        1781      1.07%     99.68% |         463      0.28%     99.96% |          40      0.02%     99.98% |          16      0.01%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167090                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154932                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154840     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154932                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.744695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.494342                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    75.371030                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        9840     80.93%     80.93% |        1781     14.65%     95.58% |         463      3.81%     99.39% |          40      0.33%     99.72% |          16      0.13%     99.85% |          16      0.13%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       151811                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      3085871                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        54792                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     3442                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     6559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    10949                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    21780                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     3401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     6651                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    10859                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    21515                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     3397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     6312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   10619                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   21797                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    3468                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    5878                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   10874                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   21678                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    3311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    6367                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   11458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   21675                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    3337                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    6360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   10823                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   21846                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    3458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    6045                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   11457                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   21788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    3377                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    5645                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   10632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   21803                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   1070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2049                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   4763                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  17932                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   1111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1957                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   4853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  18197                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   2296                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  5093                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 17915                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  1044                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  2730                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  4838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 18034                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                  1200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2241                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  4254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                 18037                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  1175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  2248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  4889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                 17866                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                  1054                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  2563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  4254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                 17924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                  1135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  2963                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  5080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                 17909                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     2615                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     2895                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     5051                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     9933                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     2474                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     2795                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     5152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    10004                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     2450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     2887                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    4940                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    9834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    2585                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    2798                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    5011                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    9764                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    2440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    2888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    4843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    9804                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    2527                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    2790                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    4984                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    9906                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    2579                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    2919                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    4910                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    9675                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    2621                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    2906                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    4883                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                    9746                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                4511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               15711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  120589                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  159823                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140446482707966                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            140446483899289                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  114092                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  156066                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  421035                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                32441294                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                30941574                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                30992209                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               31249987                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               32443479                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               30950281                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               30977654                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               31250675                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               32430893                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               30942097                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               30986088                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31245597                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               32461215                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30947424                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               30978741                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31265156                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               32419683                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30949278                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30998398                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31256427                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               32461398                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               30952170                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30986071                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               31266975                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               32450471                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4297                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8589                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   4297                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   8603                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4311                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  7123                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4319                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4311                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  7108                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  163                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 3167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 5850                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                13420                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 3352                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 5812                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                13209                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  174                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 2945                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                5709                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               13411                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 162                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                2796                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                5868                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               13368                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                 166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3120                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                6428                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               13329                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                 164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                3065                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                5920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               13525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                 168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                2816                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                6510                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               13364                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                 165                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                2708                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                5673                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               13445                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 29                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2758                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              10740                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                968                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2796                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              10951                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1352                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              2880                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             10749                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                30                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1524                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2740                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             10792                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              1200                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses              2180                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses             10831                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses              1255                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses              2688                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses             10635                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses              1481                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              2093                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses             10796                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1612                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses              2935                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses             10715                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                3279                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                3392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                5099                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                8360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                3233                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                3299                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                5047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                8306                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                3223                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3367                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4910                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               8386                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               3306                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               3082                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               5006                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               8310                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               3145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               3247                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5030                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               8346                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               3173                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4903                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               8321                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               3290                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               3229                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               4947                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               8424                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               3212                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               2937                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               4959                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               8358                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              1041                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               896                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              2005                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              7192                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              1087                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               989                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              2057                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              7246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              1097                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               944                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             2213                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             7166                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             1014                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             1206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             2098                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             7242                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses             1174                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses             1041                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses             2074                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             7206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses             1147                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              993                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses             2201                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             7231                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses             1030                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses             1082                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses             2161                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             7128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses             1108                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses             1351                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses             2145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             7194                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 242860                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 347737                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 831366                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2151109                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 236535                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 346549                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 820110                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2138320                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 239798                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 349051                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                835794                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2163751                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                244848                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                346595                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                827851                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2132881                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                236639                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                343755                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                810792                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2152753                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                243109                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                349826                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                823306                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               2122864                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                237734                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                353904                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                793594                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               2164727                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                242525                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                347400                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                825158                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               2167155                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 36583                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                201626                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                771060                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2025868                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 27906                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                169162                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                771665                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2019750                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 24901                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                192572                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               776340                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              2025109                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                30845                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               175430                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               777733                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              2010983                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                18526                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               196392                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               747494                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2039436                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                21433                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               167721                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               761936                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1991824                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                20213                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               183863                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               734254                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              2047429                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                25306                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               202598                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               773689                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              2033675                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             114946                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             390177                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             115615                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             392370                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             115764                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             387814                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            114482                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            413301                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            120712                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            377891                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            122122                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            425362                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            118602                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            401705                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            118129                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            399639                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               423715                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               253426                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               461457                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               926974                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               422614                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               281568                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               473698                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               908970                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               443134                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               276796                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              469288                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              948741                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              452712                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              254211                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              471255                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              897814                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              450073                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              259451                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              508358                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              903802                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              446990                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              261968                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              464551                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              915772                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              441452                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              285703                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              530177                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              914455                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              443383                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              254757                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              448599                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              943625                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            36583                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           201626                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           771060                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2025868                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            27906                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           169162                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           771665                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2019750                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            24901                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           192572                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          776340                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         2025109                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           30845                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          175430                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          777733                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         2010983                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           18526                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          196392                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          747494                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2039436                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           21433                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          167721                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          761936                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1991824                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           20213                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          183863                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          734254                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         2047429                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           25306                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          202598                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          773689                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         2033675                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         70495                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70836                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        70689                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          193367                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          223959                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          461457                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          926974                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          194757                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          229996                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          473698                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          908970                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          200880                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          237989                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         467218                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         948741                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         205375                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         224882                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         471255                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         897814                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         199687                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         226622                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         472994                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         903802                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         202252                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         219006                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         453838                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         915772                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         200446                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         230197                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         483070                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         914455                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         200798                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         226437                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         448599                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         943625                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             227331                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             319792                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             816070                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2119381                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             220827                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             319416                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             804814                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2106592                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             224419                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             330737                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            820498                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2132023                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            229916                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            315789                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            812555                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2101153                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            216667                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            318283                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            797408                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2121025                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            223685                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            311832                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            808010                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           2091136                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            219779                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            327643                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            778747                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           2132999                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            224899                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            318080                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            809862                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           2135427                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1507                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              4790                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1542                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              404                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             8010                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              357                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              419                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110792607                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110980811                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111412034                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110792603                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110980807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111412030                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657421                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110792610                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110980813                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111412036                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657669                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110792605                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110980809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111412032                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110792614                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110980818                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111412041                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110792611                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110980814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111412037                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110792626                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110980830                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111412053                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110792622                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110980826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111412049                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1907982                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1991533                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           822137                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2863020                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1910187                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1996466                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2209929                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2858542                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1914003                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1987897                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2215808                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2861539                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1919486                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1987665                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2218740                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2841530                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1910347                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1990715                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2185682                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2865863                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1915741                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1987809                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2213848                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2848602                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1920816                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1997079                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         2206873                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2874321                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1913239                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1983675                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         2205157                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2862504                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               671                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1215                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              3198                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             13554                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               717                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              3277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             13741                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               733                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0              1446                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0             3439                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            13469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              636                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0             1836                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0             3305                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            13656                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              775                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0             1373                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0             2770                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0            13627                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              752                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0             1410                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0             3298                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0            13492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              642                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0             1628                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0             2702                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0            13554                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              714                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0             2031                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0             3535                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0            13467                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1063                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1331                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2805                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1153                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1315                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1471                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2758                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1155                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1330                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1624                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2998                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1178                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1528                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2924                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             1227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1671                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             1069                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1510                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2789                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1123                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             1245                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1589                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             3119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1012                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1621                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             3054                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1210                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2959                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               680                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1347                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3346                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                58                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1268                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             3071                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              553                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1447                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             3207                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              592                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             3000                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              545                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1361                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             3262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              436                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1118                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             2522                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               59                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              476                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             2831                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197329     25.35%     25.35% |      193783     24.90%     50.25% |      193796     24.90%     75.14% |      193475     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778383                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119954     25.55%     25.55% |      116547     24.82%     50.37% |      116548     24.82%     75.19% |      116524     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       469573                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197353     25.35%     25.35% |      193783     24.89%     50.25% |      193796     24.90%     75.14% |      193475     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778407                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125845     25.52%     25.52% |      122450     24.83%     50.35% |      122451     24.83%     75.18% |      122427     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       493173                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69183     25.06%     25.06% |       69044     25.01%     50.07% |       69056     25.02%     75.09% |       68759     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       276042                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197329     25.35%     25.35% |      193783     24.90%     50.25% |      193796     24.90%     75.14% |      193475     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778383                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119710     25.54%     25.54% |      116370     24.82%     50.36% |      116371     24.82%     75.18% |      116347     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468798                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69183     25.06%     25.06% |       69044     25.01%     50.07% |       69056     25.02%     75.09% |       68759     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       276042                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197329     25.35%     25.35% |      193783     24.90%     50.25% |      193796     24.90%     75.14% |      193475     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778383                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119710     25.54%     25.54% |      116370     24.82%     50.36% |      116371     24.82%     75.18% |      116347     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468798                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4319222     93.56%     93.56% |          48      0.00%     93.56% |       37186      0.81%     94.36% |       37184      0.81%     95.17% |       37185      0.81%     95.97% |       37184      0.81%     96.78% |       37185      0.81%     97.58% |       37186      0.81%     98.39% |       37184      0.81%     99.19% |       37185      0.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4616749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3929787    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3929787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7910293     96.94%     96.94% |           0      0.00%     96.94% |       31224      0.38%     97.32% |       31221      0.38%     97.70% |       31223      0.38%     98.09% |       31223      0.38%     98.47% |       31225      0.38%     98.85% |       31226      0.38%     99.23% |       31225      0.38%     99.62% |       31227      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8160087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15283     98.18%     98.18% |          48      0.31%     98.48% |          21      0.13%     98.62% |          27      0.17%     98.79% |          36      0.23%     99.02% |          14      0.09%     99.11% |          31      0.20%     99.31% |          28      0.18%     99.49% |          54      0.35%     99.84% |          25      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630965     53.93%     53.93% |           0      0.00%     53.93% |       67386      5.76%     59.69% |       67379      5.76%     65.45% |       67391      5.76%     71.21% |       67375      5.76%     76.96% |       67383      5.76%     82.72% |       67364      5.76%     88.48% |       67373      5.76%     94.24% |       67402      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1170018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      3.08%      3.08% |          10     15.38%     18.46% |          11     16.92%     35.38% |           8     12.31%     47.69% |           6      9.23%     56.92% |           5      7.69%     64.62% |          13     20.00%     84.62% |          10     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     50.94%     50.94% |           2      1.26%     52.20% |           9      5.66%     57.86% |           9      5.66%     63.52% |          11      6.92%     70.44% |           8      5.03%     75.47% |           7      4.40%     79.87% |          10      6.29%     86.16% |          12      7.55%     93.71% |          10      6.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169744     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36845      7.93%     44.48% |       36844      7.93%     52.42% |       36837      7.93%     60.35% |       36849      7.93%     68.28% |       36830      7.93%     76.21% |       36839      7.93%     84.14% |       36807      7.92%     92.07% |       36857      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.26%      1.26% |           8      5.03%      6.29% |          11      6.92%     13.21% |          17     10.69%     23.90% |          23     14.47%     38.36% |           5      3.14%     41.51% |          23     14.47%     55.97% |          16     10.06%     66.04% |          42     26.42%     92.45% |          12      7.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464292     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       31036      4.36%     69.51% |       31030      4.35%     73.87% |       31041      4.36%     78.22% |       31028      4.35%     82.58% |       31042      4.36%     86.93% |       31021      4.35%     91.29% |       31036      4.36%     95.64% |       31044      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506187     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67357      6.45%     54.89% |       67342      6.44%     61.33% |       67343      6.44%     67.78% |       67348      6.45%     74.22% |       67346      6.45%     80.67% |       67331      6.44%     87.11% |       67306      6.44%     93.55% |       67366      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1044926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170785     36.67%     36.67% |          23      0.00%     36.68% |       36857      7.91%     44.59% |       36862      7.92%     52.51% |       36862      7.92%     60.43% |       36855      7.91%     68.34% |       36854      7.91%     76.25% |       36857      7.91%     84.17% |       36849      7.91%     92.08% |       36872      7.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122688    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338256     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31035      5.29%     62.96% |       31029      5.29%     68.25% |       31039      5.29%     73.55% |       31027      5.29%     78.84% |       31041      5.29%     84.13% |       31019      5.29%     89.42% |       31036      5.29%     94.71% |       31041      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     97.95%     97.95% |           0      0.00%     97.95% |          21      0.18%     98.13% |          27      0.23%     98.37% |          36      0.31%     98.68% |          14      0.12%     98.80% |          31      0.27%     99.07% |          28      0.24%     99.31% |          54      0.47%     99.78% |          25      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         863     97.18%     97.18% |          25      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1407    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          40    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           40                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         826     92.70%     92.70% |           0      0.00%     92.70% |           2      0.22%     92.93% |          10      1.12%     94.05% |          11      1.23%     95.29% |           8      0.90%     96.18% |           6      0.67%     96.86% |           5      0.56%     97.42% |          13      1.46%     98.88% |          10      1.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.00%     99.85% |           4      0.02%     99.87% |           7      0.03%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           4      0.02%     99.92% |           2      0.01%     99.93% |          14      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3805635    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3805635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2319     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.81%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |          21      0.02%     99.83% |          27      0.02%     99.85% |          35      0.03%     99.88% |          14      0.01%     99.89% |          31      0.03%     99.91% |          28      0.02%     99.94% |          54      0.04%     99.98% |          25      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2213757     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |         326      0.01%     99.90% |         318      0.01%     99.91% |         315      0.01%     99.93% |         329      0.01%     99.94% |         326      0.01%     99.96% |         325      0.01%     99.97% |         321      0.01%     99.99% |         312      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2216329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29114    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1521     97.56%     97.56% |          38      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1559                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139020     32.17%     32.17% |           0      0.00%     32.17% |       36613      8.47%     40.65% |       36625      8.48%     49.12% |       36617      8.47%     57.60% |       36679      8.49%     66.09% |       36650      8.48%     74.57% |       36635      8.48%     83.05% |       36589      8.47%     91.52% |       36655      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.60%      2.60% |           9     11.69%     14.29% |           9     11.69%     25.97% |          10     12.99%     38.96% |           8     10.39%     49.35% |           7      9.09%     58.44% |          10     12.99%     71.43% |          12     15.58%     87.01% |          10     12.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1911949    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1911949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7542738     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         187      0.00%     99.98% |         190      0.00%     99.99% |         182      0.00%     99.99% |         193      0.00%     99.99% |         179      0.00%     99.99% |         204      0.00%    100.00% |         186      0.00%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7544242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         176    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367167     59.91%     59.91% |           0      0.00%     59.91% |       30744      5.02%     64.93% |       30717      5.01%     69.94% |       30726      5.01%     74.95% |       30669      5.00%     79.96% |       30696      5.01%     84.97% |       30696      5.01%     89.98% |       30717      5.01%     94.99% |       30711      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       612843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      3.08%      3.08% |          10     15.38%     18.46% |          11     16.92%     35.38% |           8     12.31%     47.69% |           6      9.23%     56.92% |           5      7.69%     64.62% |          13     20.00%     84.62% |          10     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         250     99.60%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           1      0.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          251                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169744     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36845      7.93%     44.48% |       36844      7.93%     52.42% |       36837      7.93%     60.35% |       36849      7.93%     68.28% |       36830      7.93%     76.21% |       36839      7.93%     84.14% |       36807      7.92%     92.07% |       36857      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.26%      1.26% |           8      5.03%      6.29% |          11      6.92%     13.21% |          17     10.69%     23.90% |          23     14.47%     38.36% |           5      3.14%     41.51% |          23     14.47%     55.97% |          16     10.06%     66.04% |          42     26.42%     92.45% |          12      7.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125996     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     43.48%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           6     26.09%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           2      8.70%     78.26% |           4     17.39%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338296     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31035      5.29%     62.97% |       31029      5.29%     68.26% |       31039      5.29%     73.55% |       31027      5.29%     78.84% |       31041      5.29%     84.13% |       31019      5.29%     89.42% |       31036      5.29%     94.71% |       31041      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1274     99.45%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           2      0.16%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           1      0.08%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.08%     99.77% |           2      0.16%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122     84.14%     84.14% |           0      0.00%     84.14% |           2      1.38%     85.52% |           2      1.38%     86.90% |           2      1.38%     88.28% |           3      2.07%     90.34% |           5      3.45%     93.79% |           3      2.07%     95.86% |           3      2.07%     97.93% |           3      2.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506187     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67357      6.45%     54.89% |       67342      6.44%     61.33% |       67342      6.44%     67.78% |       67348      6.45%     74.22% |       67346      6.45%     80.67% |       67331      6.44%     87.11% |       67306      6.44%     93.55% |       67366      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1044925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3867      3.12%      3.12% |        3801      3.06%      6.18% |        3548      2.86%      9.04% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.74% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3281      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5141      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.86% |        3819      3.08%     36.94% |        3561      2.87%     39.81% |        4324      3.48%     43.29% |        3867      3.12%     46.41% |        3737      3.01%     49.42% |        4116      3.32%     52.73% |        4155      3.35%     56.08% |        3673      2.96%     59.04% |        3383      2.73%     61.77% |        3062      2.47%     64.23% |        3703      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3244      2.61%     81.24% |        4615      3.72%     84.96% |        3979      3.21%     88.16% |        5201      4.19%     92.35% |        5075      4.09%     96.44% |        4417      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124125                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55087     11.81%     11.81% |       13893      2.98%     14.78% |       12701      2.72%     17.50% |       13622      2.92%     20.42% |       12819      2.75%     23.17% |       12691      2.72%     25.89% |       12289      2.63%     28.52% |       12558      2.69%     31.22% |       12939      2.77%     33.99% |       12814      2.75%     36.74% |       14977      3.21%     39.94% |       13302      2.85%     42.80% |       12853      2.75%     45.55% |       12822      2.75%     48.30% |       12200      2.61%     50.91% |       12582      2.70%     53.61% |       13676      2.93%     56.54% |       12729      2.73%     59.27% |       13112      2.81%     62.08% |       13144      2.82%     64.89% |       13660      2.93%     67.82% |       16830      3.61%     71.43% |       12780      2.74%     74.17% |       12923      2.77%     76.94% |       12860      2.76%     79.69% |       13003      2.79%     82.48% |       12523      2.68%     85.16% |       12245      2.62%     87.79% |       13258      2.84%     90.63% |       12621      2.70%     93.33% |       13612      2.92%     96.25% |       17494      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466619                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22434      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16801      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16979      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16829      2.87%     21.81% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17471      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17607      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.64% |       17678      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.61% |       17849      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18473      3.15%     64.00% |       20239      3.45%     67.45% |       18477      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18408      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18649      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.34% |       19435      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75570      7.23%      7.23% |       32684      3.13%     10.36% |       29300      2.80%     13.16% |       32201      3.08%     16.25% |       29600      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28912      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30211      2.89%     30.38% |       29809      2.85%     33.24% |       32350      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30341      2.90%     42.17% |       30126      2.88%     45.06% |       29420      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.74% |       31298      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.62% |       30774      2.95%     59.57% |       31438      3.01%     62.58% |       31920      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31065      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31074      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30983      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32507      3.11%     90.06% |       31974      3.06%     93.12% |       33961      3.25%     96.37% |       37938      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1044926                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17870      3.81%      3.81% |       14539      3.10%      6.91% |       14551      3.10%     10.02% |       14534      3.10%     13.12% |       14517      3.10%     16.22% |       14526      3.10%     19.32% |       14536      3.10%     22.42% |       14539      3.10%     25.52% |       14549      3.10%     28.62% |       14559      3.11%     31.73% |       14552      3.10%     34.83% |       14548      3.10%     37.94% |       14533      3.10%     41.04% |       14542      3.10%     44.14% |       14535      3.10%     47.24% |       14532      3.10%     50.34% |       14582      3.11%     53.45% |       14551      3.10%     56.56% |       14554      3.11%     59.66% |       14550      3.10%     62.77% |       14535      3.10%     65.87% |       14556      3.11%     68.98% |       14543      3.10%     72.08% |       14545      3.10%     75.18% |       14557      3.11%     78.29% |       14554      3.11%     81.39% |       14546      3.10%     84.50% |       14542      3.10%     87.60% |       14540      3.10%     90.70% |       14520      3.10%     93.80% |       14533      3.10%     96.90% |       14533      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468703                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8843      3.20%      3.20% |        8681      3.14%      6.35% |        8682      3.14%      9.49% |        8626      3.12%     12.61% |        8614      3.12%     15.73% |        8589      3.11%     18.84% |        8603      3.12%     21.96% |        8612      3.12%     25.08% |        8617      3.12%     28.20% |        8657      3.14%     31.33% |        8685      3.15%     34.48% |        8631      3.13%     37.60% |        8661      3.14%     40.74% |        8621      3.12%     43.86% |        8665      3.14%     47.00% |        8595      3.11%     50.11% |        8644      3.13%     53.24% |        8613      3.12%     56.36% |        8615      3.12%     59.48% |        8589      3.11%     62.59% |        8603      3.12%     65.71% |        8625      3.12%     68.83% |        8605      3.12%     71.95% |        8576      3.11%     75.05% |        8615      3.12%     78.17% |        8655      3.13%     81.31% |        8630      3.13%     84.43% |        8571      3.10%     87.54% |        8613      3.12%     90.66% |        8626      3.12%     93.78% |        8592      3.11%     96.89% |        8583      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       276137                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27827      3.57%      3.57% |       24267      3.12%      6.69% |       24280      3.12%      9.81% |       24207      3.11%     12.92% |       24177      3.11%     16.03% |       24161      3.10%     19.13% |       24185      3.11%     22.24% |       24197      3.11%     25.35% |       24212      3.11%     28.46% |       24262      3.12%     31.58% |       24283      3.12%     34.69% |       24225      3.11%     37.81% |       24240      3.11%     40.92% |       24209      3.11%     44.03% |       24246      3.11%     47.15% |       24173      3.11%     50.25% |       24272      3.12%     53.37% |       24210      3.11%     56.48% |       24215      3.11%     59.59% |       24185      3.11%     62.70% |       24184      3.11%     65.81% |       24227      3.11%     68.92% |       24194      3.11%     72.03% |       24167      3.10%     75.13% |       24218      3.11%     78.24% |       24255      3.12%     81.36% |       24222      3.11%     84.47% |       24159      3.10%     87.57% |       24199      3.11%     90.68% |       24192      3.11%     93.79% |       24171      3.11%     96.90% |       24162      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778383                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26803      3.59%      3.59% |       23243      3.12%      6.71% |       23256      3.12%      9.83% |       23183      3.11%     12.94% |       23153      3.11%     16.05% |       23137      3.10%     19.15% |       23161      3.11%     22.25% |       23173      3.11%     25.36% |       23188      3.11%     28.47% |       23238      3.12%     31.59% |       23259      3.12%     34.71% |       23201      3.11%     37.82% |       23216      3.11%     40.93% |       23185      3.11%     44.04% |       23222      3.11%     47.16% |       23149      3.10%     50.26% |       23248      3.12%     53.38% |       23186      3.11%     56.49% |       23191      3.11%     59.60% |       23161      3.11%     62.71% |       23160      3.11%     65.81% |       23203      3.11%     68.93% |       23170      3.11%     72.03% |       23143      3.10%     75.14% |       23194      3.11%     78.25% |       23231      3.12%     81.36% |       23198      3.11%     84.47% |       23135      3.10%     87.58% |       23175      3.11%     90.69% |       23168      3.11%     93.79% |       23147      3.10%     96.90% |       23138      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       745615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     22.18%     22.18% |           2      0.78%     22.96% |           5      1.95%     24.90% |           5      1.95%     26.85% |           4      1.56%     28.40% |           4      1.56%     29.96% |           4      1.56%     31.52% |           5      1.95%     33.46% |           7      2.72%     36.19% |           4      1.56%     37.74% |           6      2.33%     40.08% |           4      1.56%     41.63% |           5      1.95%     43.58% |           3      1.17%     44.75% |           4      1.56%     46.30% |           3      1.17%     47.47% |           4      1.56%     49.03% |           3      1.17%     50.19% |           9      3.50%     53.70% |          10      3.89%     57.59% |          18      7.00%     64.59% |          18      7.00%     71.60% |           9      3.50%     75.10% |          10      3.89%     78.99% |           7      2.72%     81.71% |           8      3.11%     84.82% |           7      2.72%     87.55% |           9      3.50%     91.05% |           7      2.72%     93.77% |           6      2.33%     96.11% |           7      2.72%     98.83% |           3      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          257                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          32     41.03%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |          14     17.95%     58.97% |           0      0.00%     58.97% |           0      0.00%     58.97% |           0      0.00%     58.97% |           0      0.00%     58.97% |           0      0.00%     58.97% |           0      0.00%     58.97% |           0      0.00%     58.97% |           0      0.00%     58.97% |           0      0.00%     58.97% |           0      0.00%     58.97% |           0      0.00%     58.97% |           0      0.00%     58.97% |          13     16.67%     75.64% |           0      0.00%     75.64% |           0      0.00%     75.64% |          17     21.79%     97.44% |           0      0.00%     97.44% |           0      0.00%     97.44% |           0      0.00%     97.44% |           0      0.00%     97.44% |           0      0.00%     97.44% |           0      0.00%     97.44% |           0      0.00%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          37     22.56%     22.56% |           2      1.22%     23.78% |           1      0.61%     24.39% |          20     12.20%     36.59% |           3      1.83%     38.41% |           3      1.83%     40.24% |           4      2.44%     42.68% |           3      1.83%     44.51% |           5      3.05%     47.56% |           3      1.83%     49.39% |           2      1.22%     50.61% |           2      1.22%     51.83% |           3      1.83%     53.66% |           3      1.83%     55.49% |           4      2.44%     57.93% |           3      1.83%     59.76% |          16      9.76%     69.51% |           1      0.61%     70.12% |           2      1.22%     71.34% |          17     10.37%     81.71% |           1      0.61%     82.32% |           0      0.00%     82.32% |           1      0.61%     82.93% |           2      1.22%     84.15% |           3      1.83%     85.98% |           5      3.05%     89.02% |           4      2.44%     91.46% |           5      3.05%     94.51% |           3      1.83%     96.34% |           2      1.22%     97.56% |           2      1.22%     98.78% |           2      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          164                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         555      3.65%      3.65% |         473      3.11%      6.75% |         465      3.05%      9.81% |         466      3.06%     12.87% |         461      3.03%     15.89% |         457      3.00%     18.90% |         468      3.07%     21.97% |         471      3.09%     25.06% |         460      3.02%     28.09% |         463      3.04%     31.13% |         509      3.34%     34.47% |         483      3.17%     37.64% |         502      3.30%     40.94% |         476      3.13%     44.07% |         499      3.28%     47.34% |         483      3.17%     50.52% |         508      3.34%     53.85% |         486      3.19%     57.04% |         470      3.09%     60.13% |         462      3.03%     63.17% |         438      2.88%     66.04% |         484      3.18%     69.22% |         454      2.98%     72.20% |         443      2.91%     75.11% |         483      3.17%     78.29% |         500      3.28%     81.57% |         488      3.21%     84.78% |         452      2.97%     87.74% |         463      3.04%     90.78% |         471      3.09%     93.88% |         473      3.11%     96.99% |         459      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15225                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          33     20.75%     20.75% |           2      1.26%     22.01% |           1      0.63%     22.64% |          17     10.69%     33.33% |           3      1.89%     35.22% |           3      1.89%     37.11% |           4      2.52%     39.62% |           3      1.89%     41.51% |           5      3.14%     44.65% |           3      1.89%     46.54% |           2      1.26%     47.80% |           2      1.26%     49.06% |           3      1.89%     50.94% |           3      1.89%     52.83% |           4      2.52%     55.35% |           3      1.89%     57.23% |          16     10.06%     67.30% |           1      0.63%     67.92% |           2      1.26%     69.18% |          17     10.69%     79.87% |           1      0.63%     80.50% |           0      0.00%     80.50% |           1      0.63%     81.13% |           2      1.26%     82.39% |           3      1.89%     84.28% |           5      3.14%     87.42% |           4      2.52%     89.94% |           7      4.40%     94.34% |           3      1.89%     96.23% |           2      1.26%     97.48% |           2      1.26%     98.74% |           2      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          159                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75914      7.22%      7.22% |       32868      3.13%     10.35% |       29488      2.81%     13.16% |       32399      3.08%     16.24% |       29782      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.89% |       29092      2.77%     24.66% |       29700      2.83%     27.49% |       30398      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.23% |       32550      3.10%     36.33% |       30867      2.94%     39.27% |       30525      2.90%     42.17% |       30304      2.88%     45.05% |       29601      2.82%     47.87% |       30196      2.87%     50.74% |       31504      3.00%     53.74% |       30316      2.88%     56.63% |       30948      2.94%     59.57% |       31636      3.01%     62.58% |       32121      3.06%     65.64% |       37030      3.52%     69.16% |       31254      2.97%     72.13% |       31249      2.97%     75.10% |       31260      2.97%     78.08% |       31241      2.97%     81.05% |       31167      2.97%     84.02% |       30881      2.94%     86.95% |       32690      3.11%     90.06% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34146      3.25%     96.37% |       38125      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051078                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         447      3.31%      3.31% |         421      3.12%      6.43% |         415      3.07%      9.50% |         404      2.99%     12.49% |         410      3.04%     15.53% |         401      2.97%     18.50% |         414      3.07%     21.56% |         418      3.10%     24.66% |         407      3.01%     27.67% |         417      3.09%     30.76% |         443      3.28%     34.04% |         437      3.24%     37.28% |         450      3.33%     40.61% |         428      3.17%     43.78% |         448      3.32%     47.10% |         440      3.26%     50.36% |         449      3.32%     53.68% |         440      3.26%     56.94% |         434      3.21%     60.15% |         406      3.01%     63.16% |         386      2.86%     66.02% |         409      3.03%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         395      2.93%     74.96% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.44% |         437      3.24%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         416      3.08%     90.72% |         425      3.15%     93.87% |         426      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12400      4.30%      4.30% |        8961      3.11%      7.41% |        8975      3.11%     10.53% |        8912      3.09%     13.62% |        8884      3.08%     16.70% |        8869      3.08%     19.78% |        8877      3.08%     22.86% |        8892      3.09%     25.95% |        8910      3.09%     29.04% |        8946      3.10%     32.14% |        8960      3.11%     35.25% |        8886      3.08%     38.34% |        8898      3.09%     41.42% |        8888      3.08%     44.51% |        8910      3.09%     47.60% |        8850      3.07%     50.67% |        8901      3.09%     53.76% |        8873      3.08%     56.84% |        8884      3.08%     59.92% |        8878      3.08%     63.00% |        8886      3.08%     66.09% |        8898      3.09%     69.18% |        8904      3.09%     72.27% |        8874      3.08%     75.34% |        8883      3.08%     78.43% |        8909      3.09%     81.52% |        8883      3.08%     84.60% |        8865      3.08%     87.68% |        8896      3.09%     90.76% |        8884      3.08%     93.85% |        8850      3.07%     96.92% |        8878      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288164                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14980      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14922      3.13%     53.13% |       14897      3.12%     56.25% |       14897      3.12%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14912      3.13%     65.63% |       14920      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14908      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          18     13.24%     13.24% |           3      2.21%     15.44% |           2      1.47%     16.91% |          10      7.35%     24.26% |           3      2.21%     26.47% |           5      3.68%     30.15% |           6      4.41%     34.56% |           3      2.21%     36.76% |           5      3.68%     40.44% |           3      2.21%     42.65% |           2      1.47%     44.12% |           2      1.47%     45.59% |           4      2.94%     48.53% |           3      2.21%     50.74% |           5      3.68%     54.41% |           3      2.21%     56.62% |          14     10.29%     66.91% |           1      0.74%     67.65% |           3      2.21%     69.85% |           7      5.15%     75.00% |           1      0.74%     75.74% |           0      0.00%     75.74% |           1      0.74%     76.47% |           2      1.47%     77.94% |           4      2.94%     80.88% |           5      3.68%     84.56% |           5      3.68%     88.24% |           6      4.41%     92.65% |           3      2.21%     94.85% |           2      1.47%     96.32% |           2      1.47%     97.79% |           3      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          136                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         466      3.44%      3.44% |         421      3.11%      6.56% |         412      3.05%      9.60% |         411      3.04%     12.64% |         411      3.04%     15.68% |         402      2.97%     18.65% |         417      3.08%     21.73% |         417      3.08%     24.81% |         407      3.01%     27.82% |         415      3.07%     30.89% |         445      3.29%     34.18% |         438      3.24%     37.41% |         448      3.31%     40.72% |         428      3.16%     43.89% |         448      3.31%     47.20% |         438      3.24%     50.44% |         450      3.33%     53.76% |         439      3.24%     57.01% |         432      3.19%     60.20% |         412      3.05%     63.24% |         385      2.85%     66.09% |         407      3.01%     69.10% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.03% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         437      3.23%     84.75% |         400      2.96%     87.71% |         414      3.06%     90.77% |         423      3.13%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13530                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41087     23.30%     23.30% |        4918      2.79%     26.09% |        3711      2.10%     28.19% |        4669      2.65%     30.84% |        3919      2.22%     33.06% |        3737      2.12%     35.18% |        3386      1.92%     37.10% |        3655      2.07%     39.18% |        4017      2.28%     41.46% |        3865      2.19%     43.65% |        5983      3.39%     47.04% |        4411      2.50%     49.54% |        3949      2.24%     51.78% |        3928      2.23%     54.01% |        3266      1.85%     55.86% |        3727      2.11%     57.97% |        4753      2.70%     60.67% |        3850      2.18%     62.85% |        4161      2.36%     65.21% |        4246      2.41%     67.62% |        4770      2.71%     70.33% |        7897      4.48%     74.80% |        3873      2.20%     77.00% |        4045      2.29%     79.30% |        3969      2.25%     81.55% |        4080      2.31%     83.86% |        3633      2.06%     85.92% |        3369      1.91%     87.83% |        4359      2.47%     90.30% |        3735      2.12%     92.42% |        4759      2.70%     95.12% |        8605      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       176332                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7398      6.74%      6.74% |        4098      3.73%     10.47% |        1910      1.74%     12.21% |        3924      3.58%     15.79% |        2096      1.91%     17.70% |        2182      1.99%     19.69% |        1935      1.76%     21.45% |        2266      2.06%     23.51% |        2575      2.35%     25.86% |        2280      2.08%     27.94% |        2727      2.48%     30.42% |        2667      2.43%     32.85% |        2782      2.53%     35.39% |        2595      2.36%     37.75% |        2535      2.31%     40.06% |        2736      2.49%     42.55% |        2912      2.65%     45.21% |        2694      2.45%     47.66% |        2993      2.73%     50.39% |        3608      3.29%     53.68% |        3553      3.24%     56.91% |        5315      4.84%     61.76% |        3591      3.27%     65.03% |        3432      3.13%     68.15% |        3499      3.19%     71.34% |        3353      3.05%     74.40% |        3746      3.41%     77.81% |        3750      3.42%     81.23% |        4548      4.14%     85.37% |        4655      4.24%     89.61% |        5642      5.14%     94.75% |        5760      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109757                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17849      3.81%      3.81% |       14533      3.10%      6.91% |       14545      3.10%     10.02% |       14522      3.10%     13.12% |       14512      3.10%     16.21% |       14518      3.10%     19.31% |       14527      3.10%     22.41% |       14534      3.10%     25.52% |       14543      3.10%     28.62% |       14554      3.11%     31.73% |       14546      3.10%     34.83% |       14544      3.10%     37.94% |       14528      3.10%     41.04% |       14538      3.10%     44.14% |       14529      3.10%     47.24% |       14528      3.10%     50.34% |       14566      3.11%     53.45% |       14548      3.11%     56.56% |       14548      3.11%     59.66% |       14541      3.10%     62.77% |       14532      3.10%     65.87% |       14552      3.11%     68.97% |       14539      3.10%     72.08% |       14542      3.10%     75.18% |       14551      3.11%     78.29% |       14546      3.10%     81.39% |       14538      3.10%     84.50% |       14534      3.10%     87.60% |       14533      3.10%     90.70% |       14514      3.10%     93.80% |       14528      3.10%     96.90% |       14527      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       468489                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8308      3.18%      3.18% |        8214      3.15%      6.33% |        8219      3.15%      9.48% |        8170      3.13%     12.61% |        8157      3.13%     15.73% |        8139      3.12%     18.85% |        8144      3.12%     21.97% |        8145      3.12%     25.09% |        8161      3.13%     28.22% |        8198      3.14%     31.36% |        8178      3.13%     34.49% |        8150      3.12%     37.62% |        8162      3.13%     40.74% |        8149      3.12%     43.87% |        8172      3.13%     47.00% |        8116      3.11%     50.11% |        8151      3.12%     53.23% |        8128      3.11%     56.34% |        8144      3.12%     59.46% |        8126      3.11%     62.58% |        8151      3.12%     65.70% |        8127      3.11%     68.81% |        8147      3.12%     71.94% |        8129      3.11%     75.05% |        8134      3.12%     78.17% |        8160      3.13%     81.29% |        8147      3.12%     84.41% |        8123      3.11%     87.53% |        8153      3.12%     90.65% |        8157      3.13%     93.77% |        8119      3.11%     96.89% |        8129      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       261007                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          33     20.75%     20.75% |           2      1.26%     22.01% |           1      0.63%     22.64% |          17     10.69%     33.33% |           3      1.89%     35.22% |           3      1.89%     37.11% |           4      2.52%     39.62% |           3      1.89%     41.51% |           5      3.14%     44.65% |           3      1.89%     46.54% |           2      1.26%     47.80% |           2      1.26%     49.06% |           3      1.89%     50.94% |           3      1.89%     52.83% |           4      2.52%     55.35% |           3      1.89%     57.23% |          16     10.06%     67.30% |           1      0.63%     67.92% |           2      1.26%     69.18% |          17     10.69%     79.87% |           1      0.63%     80.50% |           0      0.00%     80.50% |           1      0.63%     81.13% |           2      1.26%     82.39% |           3      1.89%     84.28% |           5      3.14%     87.42% |           4      2.52%     89.94% |           7      4.40%     94.34% |           3      1.89%     96.23% |           2      1.26%     97.48% |           2      1.26%     98.74% |           2      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          159                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          50     76.92%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |          15     23.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75570      7.23%      7.23% |       32684      3.13%     10.36% |       29300      2.80%     13.16% |       32201      3.08%     16.25% |       29600      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28912      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30211      2.89%     30.38% |       29809      2.85%     33.24% |       32350      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30341      2.90%     42.17% |       30126      2.88%     45.06% |       29420      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.74% |       31298      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.62% |       30774      2.95%     59.57% |       31437      3.01%     62.58% |       31920      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31065      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31074      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30983      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32507      3.11%     90.06% |       31974      3.06%     93.12% |       33961      3.25%     96.37% |       37938      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1044925                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.85%      3.85% |           3      3.85%      7.69% |           4      5.13%     12.82% |           2      2.56%     15.38% |           2      2.56%     17.95% |           3      3.85%     21.79% |           3      3.85%     25.64% |           2      2.56%     28.21% |           1      1.28%     29.49% |           2      2.56%     32.05% |           4      5.13%     37.18% |           2      2.56%     39.74% |           1      1.28%     41.03% |           1      1.28%     42.31% |           1      1.28%     43.59% |           1      1.28%     44.87% |           2      2.56%     47.44% |           2      2.56%     50.00% |           3      3.85%     53.85% |           2      2.56%     56.41% |           2      2.56%     58.97% |           4      5.13%     64.10% |           3      3.85%     67.95% |           1      1.28%     69.23% |           2      2.56%     71.79% |           3      3.85%     75.64% |           3      3.85%     79.49% |           2      2.56%     82.05% |           4      5.13%     87.18% |           4      5.13%     92.31% |           3      3.85%     96.15% |           3      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          69      4.31%      4.31% |          46      2.88%      7.19% |          51      3.19%     10.38% |          45      2.81%     13.19% |          46      2.88%     16.06% |          48      3.00%     19.06% |          42      2.62%     21.69% |          50      3.12%     24.81% |          49      3.06%     27.88% |          44      2.75%     30.63% |          62      3.88%     34.50% |          43      2.69%     37.19% |          51      3.19%     40.38% |          44      2.75%     43.12% |          45      2.81%     45.94% |          41      2.56%     48.50% |          43      2.69%     51.19% |          46      2.88%     54.06% |          39      2.44%     56.50% |          51      3.19%     59.69% |          67      4.19%     63.88% |          91      5.69%     69.56% |          54      3.38%     72.94% |          49      3.06%     76.00% |          51      3.19%     79.19% |          46      2.88%     82.06% |          46      2.88%     84.94% |          48      3.00%     87.94% |          46      2.88%     90.81% |          46      2.88%     93.69% |          50      3.12%     96.81% |          51      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.45%      6.45% |           0      0.00%      6.45% |           0      0.00%      6.45% |           0      0.00%      6.45% |           2      6.45%     12.90% |           0      0.00%     12.90% |           0      0.00%     12.90% |           0      0.00%     12.90% |           0      0.00%     12.90% |           1      3.23%     16.13% |           0      0.00%     16.13% |           0      0.00%     16.13% |           8     25.81%     41.94% |           0      0.00%     41.94% |           0      0.00%     41.94% |           0      0.00%     41.94% |           0      0.00%     41.94% |           0      0.00%     41.94% |           0      0.00%     41.94% |           0      0.00%     41.94% |           0      0.00%     41.94% |          10     32.26%     74.19% |           0      0.00%     74.19% |           8     25.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.13%      2.13% |           0      0.00%      2.13% |           0      0.00%      2.13% |           0      0.00%      2.13% |           0      0.00%      2.13% |           0      0.00%      2.13% |           0      0.00%      2.13% |           0      0.00%      2.13% |          16     34.04%     36.17% |           0      0.00%     36.17% |           0      0.00%     36.17% |           0      0.00%     36.17% |           0      0.00%     36.17% |           0      0.00%     36.17% |           0      0.00%     36.17% |           0      0.00%     36.17% |           0      0.00%     36.17% |           0      0.00%     36.17% |           2      4.26%     40.43% |          25     53.19%     93.62% |           0      0.00%     93.62% |           0      0.00%     93.62% |           0      0.00%     93.62% |           1      2.13%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           1      2.13%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           1      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           47                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26803      3.59%      3.59% |       23243      3.12%      6.71% |       23256      3.12%      9.83% |       23183      3.11%     12.94% |       23153      3.11%     16.05% |       23137      3.10%     19.15% |       23161      3.11%     22.25% |       23173      3.11%     25.36% |       23188      3.11%     28.47% |       23238      3.12%     31.59% |       23259      3.12%     34.71% |       23201      3.11%     37.82% |       23216      3.11%     40.93% |       23185      3.11%     44.04% |       23222      3.11%     47.16% |       23149      3.10%     50.26% |       23248      3.12%     53.38% |       23186      3.11%     56.49% |       23191      3.11%     59.60% |       23161      3.11%     62.71% |       23160      3.11%     65.81% |       23203      3.11%     68.93% |       23170      3.11%     72.03% |       23143      3.10%     75.14% |       23194      3.11%     78.25% |       23231      3.12%     81.36% |       23198      3.11%     84.47% |       23135      3.10%     87.58% |       23175      3.11%     90.69% |       23168      3.11%     93.79% |       23147      3.10%     96.90% |       23138      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       745615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.41%      7.41% |           3      5.56%     12.96% |           3      5.56%     18.52% |           2      3.70%     22.22% |           2      3.70%     25.93% |           3      5.56%     31.48% |           3      5.56%     37.04% |           3      5.56%     42.59% |           1      1.85%     44.44% |           2      3.70%     48.15% |           3      5.56%     53.70% |           2      3.70%     57.41% |           1      1.85%     59.26% |           1      1.85%     61.11% |           1      1.85%     62.96% |           1      1.85%     64.81% |           2      3.70%     68.52% |           1      1.85%     70.37% |           1      1.85%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      1.85%     74.07% |           2      3.70%     77.78% |           1      1.85%     79.63% |           1      1.85%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           2      3.70%     85.19% |           1      1.85%     87.04% |           0      0.00%     87.04% |           1      1.85%     88.89% |           2      3.70%     92.59% |           1      1.85%     94.44% |           3      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           5     83.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           2      2.11%      2.11% |           0      0.00%      2.11% |           3      3.16%      5.26% |           2      2.11%      7.37% |           1      1.05%      8.42% |           1      1.05%      9.47% |           0      0.00%      9.47% |           2      2.11%     11.58% |           2      2.11%     13.68% |           1      1.05%     14.74% |           3      3.16%     17.89% |           2      2.11%     20.00% |           2      2.11%     22.11% |           0      0.00%     22.11% |           0      0.00%     22.11% |           0      0.00%     22.11% |           1      1.05%     23.16% |           1      1.05%     24.21% |           5      5.26%     29.47% |           8      8.42%     37.89% |          16     16.84%     54.74% |          16     16.84%     71.58% |           6      6.32%     77.89% |           7      7.37%     85.26% |           2      2.11%     87.37% |           2      2.11%     89.47% |           1      1.05%     90.53% |           2      2.11%     92.63% |           1      1.05%     93.68% |           2      2.11%     95.79% |           3      3.16%     98.95% |           1      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           95                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          67      4.45%      4.45% |          46      3.06%      7.51% |          48      3.19%     10.70% |          43      2.86%     13.55% |          45      2.99%     16.54% |          47      3.12%     19.67% |          42      2.79%     22.46% |          48      3.19%     25.65% |          47      3.12%     28.77% |          43      2.86%     31.63% |          59      3.92%     35.55% |          41      2.72%     38.27% |          49      3.26%     41.53% |          44      2.92%     44.45% |          45      2.99%     47.44% |          41      2.72%     50.17% |          42      2.79%     52.96% |          45      2.99%     55.95% |          34      2.26%     58.21% |          43      2.86%     61.06% |          51      3.39%     64.45% |          75      4.98%     69.44% |          48      3.19%     72.62% |          42      2.79%     75.42% |          49      3.26%     78.67% |          44      2.92%     81.59% |          45      2.99%     84.58% |          46      3.06%     87.64% |          45      2.99%     90.63% |          44      2.92%     93.55% |          47      3.12%     96.68% |          50      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1505                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          19     48.72%     48.72% |           0      0.00%     48.72% |           0      0.00%     48.72% |           8     20.51%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      5.13%     74.36% |           0      0.00%     74.36% |           0      0.00%     74.36% |          10     25.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           39                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         466      3.44%      3.44% |         421      3.11%      6.56% |         412      3.05%      9.60% |         411      3.04%     12.64% |         411      3.04%     15.68% |         402      2.97%     18.65% |         417      3.08%     21.73% |         417      3.08%     24.81% |         407      3.01%     27.82% |         415      3.07%     30.89% |         445      3.29%     34.18% |         438      3.24%     37.41% |         448      3.31%     40.72% |         428      3.16%     43.89% |         448      3.31%     47.20% |         438      3.24%     50.44% |         450      3.33%     53.76% |         439      3.24%     57.01% |         432      3.19%     60.20% |         412      3.05%     63.24% |         385      2.85%     66.09% |         407      3.01%     69.10% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.03% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         437      3.23%     84.75% |         400      2.96%     87.71% |         414      3.06%     90.77% |         423      3.13%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13530                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          18     14.40%     14.40% |           2      1.60%     16.00% |           1      0.80%     16.80% |          12      9.60%     26.40% |           3      2.40%     28.80% |           3      2.40%     31.20% |           4      3.20%     34.40% |           3      2.40%     36.80% |           5      4.00%     40.80% |           3      2.40%     43.20% |           2      1.60%     44.80% |           2      1.60%     46.40% |           3      2.40%     48.80% |           3      2.40%     51.20% |           4      3.20%     54.40% |           3      2.40%     56.80% |          14     11.20%     68.00% |           1      0.80%     68.80% |           2      1.60%     70.40% |           7      5.60%     76.00% |           1      0.80%     76.80% |           0      0.00%     76.80% |           1      0.80%     77.60% |           2      1.60%     79.20% |           3      2.40%     81.60% |           5      4.00%     85.60% |           4      3.20%     88.80% |           5      4.00%     92.80% |           3      2.40%     95.20% |           2      1.60%     96.80% |           2      1.60%     98.40% |           2      1.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          125                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          18     13.24%     13.24% |           3      2.21%     15.44% |           2      1.47%     16.91% |          10      7.35%     24.26% |           3      2.21%     26.47% |           5      3.68%     30.15% |           6      4.41%     34.56% |           3      2.21%     36.76% |           5      3.68%     40.44% |           3      2.21%     42.65% |           2      1.47%     44.12% |           2      1.47%     45.59% |           4      2.94%     48.53% |           3      2.21%     50.74% |           5      3.68%     54.41% |           3      2.21%     56.62% |          14     10.29%     66.91% |           1      0.74%     67.65% |           3      2.21%     69.85% |           7      5.15%     75.00% |           1      0.74%     75.74% |           0      0.00%     75.74% |           1      0.74%     76.47% |           2      1.47%     77.94% |           4      2.94%     80.88% |           5      3.68%     84.56% |           5      3.68%     88.24% |           6      4.41%     92.65% |           3      2.21%     94.85% |           2      1.47%     96.32% |           2      1.47%     97.79% |           3      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          136                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12396      4.30%      4.30% |        8961      3.11%      7.41% |        8975      3.11%     10.53% |        8912      3.09%     13.62% |        8884      3.08%     16.70% |        8869      3.08%     19.78% |        8877      3.08%     22.86% |        8892      3.09%     25.95% |        8910      3.09%     29.04% |        8946      3.10%     32.14% |        8960      3.11%     35.25% |        8886      3.08%     38.34% |        8898      3.09%     41.42% |        8888      3.08%     44.51% |        8910      3.09%     47.60% |        8850      3.07%     50.67% |        8901      3.09%     53.76% |        8873      3.08%     56.84% |        8884      3.08%     59.92% |        8878      3.08%     63.00% |        8886      3.08%     66.09% |        8898      3.09%     69.17% |        8904      3.09%     72.26% |        8874      3.08%     75.34% |        8883      3.08%     78.43% |        8909      3.09%     81.52% |        8883      3.08%     84.60% |        8865      3.08%     87.68% |        8896      3.09%     90.76% |        8884      3.08%     93.85% |        8850      3.07%     96.92% |        8878      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         451      3.34%      3.34% |         421      3.12%      6.46% |         415      3.07%      9.53% |         404      2.99%     12.52% |         410      3.04%     15.55% |         401      2.97%     18.52% |         414      3.06%     21.59% |         418      3.09%     24.68% |         407      3.01%     27.69% |         417      3.09%     30.78% |         443      3.28%     34.06% |         437      3.24%     37.30% |         450      3.33%     40.63% |         428      3.17%     43.80% |         448      3.32%     47.11% |         440      3.26%     50.37% |         449      3.32%     53.69% |         440      3.26%     56.95% |         434      3.21%     60.16% |         406      3.01%     63.17% |         386      2.86%     66.03% |         409      3.03%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.92%     74.97% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.44% |         437      3.24%     84.68% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         416      3.08%     90.72% |         425      3.15%     93.87% |         426      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13508                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14980      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14922      3.13%     53.13% |       14897      3.12%     56.25% |       14897      3.12%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14912      3.13%     65.63% |       14920      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14908      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75911      7.22%      7.22% |       32862      3.13%     10.35% |       29486      2.81%     13.15% |       32396      3.08%     16.24% |       29782      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.89% |       29092      2.77%     24.66% |       29700      2.83%     27.49% |       30397      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.23% |       32550      3.10%     36.33% |       30866      2.94%     39.27% |       30521      2.90%     42.17% |       30304      2.88%     45.05% |       29599      2.82%     47.87% |       30196      2.87%     50.74% |       31503      3.00%     53.74% |       30314      2.88%     56.63% |       30935      2.94%     59.57% |       31633      3.01%     62.58% |       32121      3.06%     65.63% |       37030      3.52%     69.16% |       31254      2.97%     72.13% |       31249      2.97%     75.10% |       31259      2.97%     78.08% |       31241      2.97%     81.05% |       31164      2.97%     84.02% |       30877      2.94%     86.95% |       32690      3.11%     90.06% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34146      3.25%     96.37% |       38125      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051029                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.23%      1.23% |           2      2.47%      3.70% |           1      1.23%      4.94% |           3      3.70%      8.64% |           3      3.70%     12.35% |           3      3.70%     16.05% |           4      4.94%     20.99% |           3      3.70%     24.69% |           5      6.17%     30.86% |           3      3.70%     34.57% |           2      2.47%     37.04% |           2      2.47%     39.51% |           3      3.70%     43.21% |           3      3.70%     46.91% |           4      4.94%     51.85% |           3      3.70%     55.56% |           3      3.70%     59.26% |           1      1.23%     60.49% |           2      2.47%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           1      1.23%     64.20% |           0      0.00%     64.20% |           1      1.23%     65.43% |           2      2.47%     67.90% |           3      3.70%     71.60% |           5      6.17%     77.78% |           4      4.94%     82.72% |           5      6.17%     88.89% |           3      3.70%     92.59% |           2      2.47%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          31     40.26%     40.26% |           0      0.00%     40.26% |           0      0.00%     40.26% |          14     18.18%     58.44% |           0      0.00%     58.44% |           0      0.00%     58.44% |           0      0.00%     58.44% |           0      0.00%     58.44% |           0      0.00%     58.44% |           0      0.00%     58.44% |           0      0.00%     58.44% |           0      0.00%     58.44% |           0      0.00%     58.44% |           0      0.00%     58.44% |           0      0.00%     58.44% |           0      0.00%     58.44% |          13     16.88%     75.32% |           0      0.00%     75.32% |           0      0.00%     75.32% |          17     22.08%     97.40% |           0      0.00%     97.40% |           0      0.00%     97.40% |           0      0.00%     97.40% |           0      0.00%     97.40% |           0      0.00%     97.40% |           0      0.00%     97.40% |           0      0.00%     97.40% |           2      2.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          32     20.25%     20.25% |           2      1.27%     21.52% |           1      0.63%     22.15% |          17     10.76%     32.91% |           3      1.90%     34.81% |           3      1.90%     36.71% |           4      2.53%     39.24% |           3      1.90%     41.14% |           5      3.16%     44.30% |           3      1.90%     46.20% |           2      1.27%     47.47% |           2      1.27%     48.73% |           3      1.90%     50.63% |           3      1.90%     52.53% |           4      2.53%     55.06% |           3      1.90%     56.96% |          16     10.13%     67.09% |           1      0.63%     67.72% |           2      1.27%     68.99% |          17     10.76%     79.75% |           1      0.63%     80.38% |           0      0.00%     80.38% |           1      0.63%     81.01% |           2      1.27%     82.28% |           3      1.90%     84.18% |           5      3.16%     87.34% |           4      2.53%     89.87% |           7      4.43%     94.30% |           3      1.90%     96.20% |           2      1.27%     97.47% |           2      1.27%     98.73% |           2      1.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          158                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      206611     22.82%     22.82% |      452796     50.00%     72.82% |       30292      3.34%     76.16% |       31039      3.43%     79.59% |       31132      3.44%     83.03% |       31488      3.48%     86.50% |       30591      3.38%     89.88% |       30919      3.41%     93.29% |       29767      3.29%     96.58% |       30957      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       905592                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      206611     22.82%     22.82% |      452796     50.00%     72.82% |       30292      3.34%     76.16% |       31039      3.43%     79.59% |       31132      3.44%     83.03% |       31488      3.48%     86.50% |       30591      3.38%     89.88% |       30919      3.41%     93.29% |       29767      3.29%     96.58% |       30957      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       905592                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      206611     22.82%     22.82% |      452796     50.00%     72.82% |       30292      3.34%     76.16% |       31039      3.43%     79.59% |       31132      3.44%     83.03% |       31488      3.48%     86.50% |       30591      3.38%     89.88% |       30919      3.41%     93.29% |       29767      3.29%     96.58% |       30957      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       905592                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      206611     22.82%     22.82% |      452796     50.00%     72.82% |       30292      3.34%     76.16% |       31039      3.43%     79.59% |       31132      3.44%     83.03% |       31488      3.48%     86.50% |       30591      3.38%     89.88% |       30919      3.41%     93.29% |       29767      3.29%     96.58% |       30957      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       905592                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
