
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038060                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38059820000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214227898500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33314                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    59905                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               52120785                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4782560                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   730.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    24326554                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43744182                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4968768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4968768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3964736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3964736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130551537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            130551537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    104171171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           104171171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234722708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           234722708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77637                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61949                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77637                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61949                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4967296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3964608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4968768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3964736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        1                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      151                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38059327000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77637                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61949                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  59891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        52889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   168.877763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.878290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.552146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27219     51.46%     51.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13129     24.82%     76.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7562     14.30%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1906      3.60%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1123      2.12%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          624      1.18%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          430      0.81%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          346      0.65%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          550      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        52889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.733212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.599959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11520     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.374545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.294774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.159777                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11015     95.57%     95.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           405      3.51%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           82      0.71%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           24      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1895573613                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3350836113                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24423.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43173.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      130.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      104.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   130.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   104.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   53416                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  33254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    272658.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8554921500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1270880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28233662250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              199674720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              200166120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              108949500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              109217625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305167200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300206400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199525680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201890880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2485841280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2485841280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15303329505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14860852470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9411696750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9799834500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28014184635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          27958009275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          736.063833                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.587843                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4882880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4882880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3886592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3886592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60728                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60728                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    128294879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            128294879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102117982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           102117982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    230412861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           230412861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76295                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60728                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76295                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60728                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4882112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3886592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4882880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3886592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        3                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      165                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38059079000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76295                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60728                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  59361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.460004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.792986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.170855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25753     50.65%     50.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12598     24.78%     75.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7471     14.69%     90.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1902      3.74%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1133      2.23%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          641      1.26%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          455      0.89%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          304      0.60%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          586      1.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11326                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.735211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.895413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11321     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11326                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.361822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.282984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.157345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10852     95.81%     95.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           372      3.28%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           76      0.67%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           26      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1811782062                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3242088312                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23750.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42500.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      128.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      102.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   128.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   102.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   52714                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  33449                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    277756.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8910951000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1270880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    27877632750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              193067280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              191290680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              105344250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              104374875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300807000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294177000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            196000560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197484480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2485841280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2485841280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        15182497485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14445135225                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9517689750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10164498750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          27981247605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27882802290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.198423                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.611803                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4881344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4881344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3885824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3885824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    128254521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            128254521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    102097803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           102097803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    230352324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           230352324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76271                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60716                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76271                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60716                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4880384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3885824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4881344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3885824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      138                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38059553000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76271                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60716                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  59458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        50851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.388822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.909622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.500399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25696     50.53%     50.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12640     24.86%     75.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7502     14.75%     90.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1945      3.82%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1122      2.21%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          606      1.19%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          447      0.88%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          319      0.63%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          574      1.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        50851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.714952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.923431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11351     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.346601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.274383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.093344                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10907     96.05%     96.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           361      3.18%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           72      0.63%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           16      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1787632633                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3217432633                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23442.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42192.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      128.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      102.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   128.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   102.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   52661                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  33459                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               55.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    277833.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8901743500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1270880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27886955500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              193037040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              191396520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              105327750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              104432625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300596400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294192600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195929280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197510400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2485841280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2485841280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        15063725160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14584077000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9621876000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10042620000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          27966332910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27900070425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          734.806544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.065518                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4858688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4858688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3879616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3879616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127659248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            127659248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    101934691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           101934691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    229593939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           229593939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75918                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60619                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75918                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60619                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4858176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3879424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4858752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3879616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        6                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      149                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38059078000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75918                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60619                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  59001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        50455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.172292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.261427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.819372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25441     50.42%     50.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12557     24.89%     75.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7451     14.77%     90.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1923      3.81%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1138      2.26%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          560      1.11%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          462      0.92%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          326      0.65%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          597      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        50455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.707405                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.950730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11310     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.356663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.279641                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.143001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10848     95.86%     95.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           366      3.23%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           79      0.70%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           23      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1823632104                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3246925854                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    24023.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42773.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      127.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      101.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   127.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   101.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   52460                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  33608                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    278745.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   63.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8895600500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1270880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27892983250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              191026080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              190413720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              104230500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              103896375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298623000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293443800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195475680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197316000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2485841280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2485841280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        15035346855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14554392255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9646769250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10068659250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          27957312645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27893962680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.569539                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          732.905039                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              430148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                6983780                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.171586                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.803633                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                20.358298                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6941684     99.40%     99.40% |       36667      0.53%     99.92% |        2951      0.04%     99.96% |        1079      0.02%     99.98% |         488      0.01%     99.99% |         403      0.01%     99.99% |         489      0.01%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  6983780                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16480446                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.936856                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.705563                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.140543                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15142353     91.88%     91.88% |     1280656      7.77%     99.65% |       42232      0.26%     99.91% |        9082      0.06%     99.96% |        3182      0.02%     99.98% |        1410      0.01%     99.99% |         739      0.00%    100.00% |         470      0.00%    100.00% |         322      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16480446                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16480443                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.300402                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.070023                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             44.328693                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16391796     99.46%     99.46% |       71081      0.43%     99.89% |       12695      0.08%     99.97% |        3637      0.02%     99.99% |         888      0.01%    100.00% |         266      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16480443                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15056119                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001436                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001238                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.038037                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15034605     99.86%     99.86% |       21414      0.14%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15056119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1424324                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        122.167807                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       101.874118                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        98.810365                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1335677     93.78%     93.78% |       71081      4.99%     98.77% |       12695      0.89%     99.66% |        3637      0.26%     99.91% |         888      0.06%     99.98% |         266      0.02%     99.99% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1424324                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         555189                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       555189                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8552724                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8841777                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5743776                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5866876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       595038                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15968                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       250499                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318899                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39910                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        95818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       133814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       229632                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        17589                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        94215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       139345                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       233560                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        16796                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        93804                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       137311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       231115                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        17910                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        98824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       137189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       236013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        17159                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        92369                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       134676                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       227045                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        17601                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        96826                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       109465                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       206291                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         3747                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        89703                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        92954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       182657                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         3902                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        98060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       127382                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       225442                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        17743                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46024                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        26889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        72913                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19213                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        25121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        44334                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20002                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        25136                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        45138                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20250                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        25106                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        45356                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18268                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        25459                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        43727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18302                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        25080                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        43382                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17184                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        25122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        42306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17504                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        25073                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        42577                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        18989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        25481                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        44470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18305                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        25076                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        43381                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18172                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        25045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        43217                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        17751                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        25023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        42774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        25202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        42875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17482                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        25410                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        42892                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        25100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        45361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17575                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24987                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        42562                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17180                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24987                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        42167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18013                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        25389                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        43402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18246                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        25094                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        43340                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        25045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        42501                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24962                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        43600                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18122                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        25388                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        43510                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19050                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        25028                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        44078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18701                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        25108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        43809                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        25030                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        45090                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        21757                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        46717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18107                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        25393                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        43500                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18072                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        25076                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        43148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        25107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        42550                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        16987                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        25057                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        42044                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17550                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        25397                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        42947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19507                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        25150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        44657                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         3143                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8461022                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8461022                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8683186                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8461021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4347671                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4337577                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8461021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.111154                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5876793                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5876793                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6098931                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5876793                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3726830                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3707005                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5876793                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.077205                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4238710                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4238710                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4415080                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4238710                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1965305                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1960234                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4238710                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.055685                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3870251                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3870251                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3990331                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3870251                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1896103                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1892651                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3870251                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.050844                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4621645                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4621645                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4919785                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4621645                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2369857                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2360177                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4621645                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.060716                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3938083                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3938083                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4070635                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3938083                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1986297                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1982799                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3938083                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.051735                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4470946                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4470946                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4597883                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4470946                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1966402                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1963406                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4470946                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.058736                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3401357                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3401357                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3485928                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3401357                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1663158                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1660825                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3401357                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.044684                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2441611                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2441611                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2489594                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2441611                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1187389                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1186051                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2441611                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.032076                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3401208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3401208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3517245                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3401208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1716297                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1712460                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3401208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.044682                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1612804                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1612804                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1632956                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1612804                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       766857                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       766120                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1612804                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.021188                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1179479                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1179479                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1182833                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1179479                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       561461                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       561155                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1179479                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015495                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1543702                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1543702                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1550094                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1543702                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       807758                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       807338                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1543702                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.020280                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1192620                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1192620                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1196741                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1192620                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       570729                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       570388                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1192620                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015668                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       725018                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       725018                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       728099                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       725018                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       346246                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       346106                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       725018                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009525                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1012328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1012328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1017832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1012328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       468517                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       468404                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1012328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013299                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1407176                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1407176                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1414417                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1407176                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       607868                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       607664                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1407176                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018486                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1119533                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1119533                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1124950                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1119533                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       513480                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       513277                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1119533                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014708                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1017173                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1017173                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1024770                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1017173                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       461834                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       461613                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1017173                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013363                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       623702                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       623702                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626336                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       623702                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       289907                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       289642                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       623702                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008194                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       660090                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       660090                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       661219                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       660090                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       352329                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       352110                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       660090                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       865471                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       865471                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       868960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       865471                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       468652                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       468303                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       865471                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011370                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       714810                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       714810                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       716612                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       714810                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       368695                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       368462                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       714810                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.009391                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       415382                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       415382                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       415382                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       415382                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       201002                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       200822                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       415382                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005457                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       614372                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       614372                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       615473                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       614372                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       304176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       303996                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       614372                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008071                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       835592                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       835592                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       839029                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       835592                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       448906                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       448604                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       835592                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.010977                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       706495                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       706495                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       708389                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       706495                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       358928                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       358699                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       706495                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.009281                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       426999                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       426999                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       426999                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       426999                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       204803                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       204627                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       426999                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005610                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      2957689                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      2957689                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2999682                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2957689                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1337189                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1336429                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      2957689                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.038856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2435454                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2435454                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2460327                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2435454                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1081240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1080678                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2435454                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.031995                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2601834                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2601834                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2634220                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2601834                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1149746                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1149082                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2601834                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034181                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2445565                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2445565                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2477299                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2445565                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1102066                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1101361                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2445565                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.032128                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5274416     28.37%     28.37% |    11274511     60.65%     89.03% |     2039328     10.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18588255                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5274418     28.37%     28.37% |    11274512     60.65%     89.03% |     2039328     10.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18588258                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   141106191                       |   288014671                       |    49313997                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    19519319                       |    49370531                       |     2103431                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.752951                       |   25.545646                       |   24.181494                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.700755                       |    4.378951                       |    1.031433                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.738557                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     3.819255                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.557812                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003857                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.080045      6.74%      6.74% |    0.080124      6.74%     13.48% |    0.079904      6.73%     20.21% |    0.080001      6.73%     26.94% |    0.181577     15.29%     42.23% |    0.181505     15.28%     57.51% |    0.181308     15.26%     72.77% |    0.181362     15.27%     88.04% |    0.035533      2.99%     91.03% |    0.035521      2.99%     94.02% |    0.035515      2.99%     97.01% |    0.035514      2.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.187909                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.029491                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.021997                       |    0.000001                       |    0.011821                       |    0.012274                       |    0.012132                       |    0.012179                       |    0.011777                       |    0.008970                       |    0.007647                       |    0.011373                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005029                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002591                       |    0.002658                       |    0.002605                       |    0.002605                       |    0.002556                       |    0.002523                       |    0.002567                       |    0.002710                       |    0.002769                       |    0.002779                       |    0.002626                       |    0.002626                       |    0.002543                       |    0.002563                       |    0.002676                       |    0.002621                       |    0.002616                       |    0.002591                       |    0.002564                       |    0.002788                       |    0.002567                       |    0.002533                       |    0.002603                       |    0.002626                       |    0.002562                       |    0.002632                       |    0.002602                       |    0.002659                       |    0.002740                       |    0.002879                       |    0.006099                       |    0.005989                       |    0.005987                       |    0.005959                       |    0.000322                       |           0                       |    0.004137                       |    0.011478                       |    0.000921                       |    0.000986                       |    0.000917                       |    0.000985                       |    0.000918                       |    0.000983                       |    0.000776                       |    0.000854                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002980                       |    0.000326                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002887                       |    0.002479                       |    0.006972                       |    0.002965                       |    0.000776                       |    0.003966                       |    0.011777                       |    0.005619                       |           0                       |    0.002985                       |    0.004958                       |           0                       |    0.010566                       |    0.013764                       |    0.006584                       |    0.009616                       |    0.002969                       |    0.000921                       |    0.014225                       |    0.014464                       |    0.013490                       |    0.009934                       |    0.003009                       |    0.000986                       |    0.016024                       |    0.012126                       |    0.008764                       |           0                       |    0.002967                       |    0.004858                       |           0                       |    0.009438                       |    0.007601                       |    0.007131                       |           0                       |    0.003092                       |           0                       |    0.005382                       |    0.003796                       |    0.003225                       |           0                       |    0.002993                       |           0                       |    0.002603                       |    0.002475                       |           0                       |    0.003120                       |           0                       |    0.001819                       |    0.002788                       |    0.003643                       |    0.009260                       |    0.002993                       |    0.000854                       |    0.007633                       |    0.005152                       |    0.015067                       |    0.003722                       |    0.009880                       |    0.002985                       |    0.000917                       |    0.004153                       |    0.014133                       |    0.024235                       |    0.004412                       |    0.031026                       |    0.004527                       |    0.004137                       |    0.010564                       |    0.018168                       |    0.030428                       |    0.012303                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003032                       |    0.011478                       |    0.011024                       |    0.022841                       |    0.017898                       |    0.010929                       |    0.009764                       |    0.002948                       |    0.000985                       |    0.005839                       |    0.016771                       |    0.010280                       |    0.005148                       |           0                       |    0.003000                       |           0                       |    0.002512                       |    0.005252                       |    0.005087                       |    0.004429                       |           0                       |    0.002985                       |           0                       |    0.001673                       |    0.002626                       |    0.003693                       |           0                       |    0.002948                       |           0                       |    0.000951                       |    0.002567                       |    0.002924                       |           0                       |    0.003059                       |           0                       |    0.007205                       |    0.003181                       |    0.004828                       |    0.002915                       |           0                       |    0.003049                       |    0.004856                       |           0                       |    0.005242                       |    0.010086                       |    0.008018                       |    0.002930                       |    0.009649                       |    0.002925                       |    0.000918                       |    0.019426                       |    0.013195                       |    0.009576                       |    0.003048                       |    0.008096                       |    0.002927                       |    0.000983                       |    0.007056                       |    0.013889                       |    0.008771                       |    0.002963                       |           0                       |    0.003123                       |    0.004842                       |           0                       |    0.005686                       |    0.009446                       |    0.006050                       |    0.002982                       |           0                       |    0.002961                       |           0                       |    0.001522                       |    0.005189                       |    0.003026                       |    0.002970                       |           0                       |    0.002952                       |           0                       |    0.000789                       |    0.002562                       |    0.002977                       |           0                       |    0.002924                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002533                       |           0                       |    0.002915                       |           0                       |    0.002042                       |           0                       |    0.004568                       |           0                       |    0.002930                       |           0                       |    0.003019                       |    0.001534                       |    0.005817                       |           0                       |    0.003048                       |           0                       |    0.009275                       |    0.003238                       |    0.002925                       |           0                       |    0.002963                       |           0                       |    0.002258                       |    0.006946                       |    0.002542                       |           0                       |    0.002982                       |           0                       |    0.004181                       |    0.006199                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002970                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005223                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002977                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002632                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.187909                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5459472                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5459472                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265638                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3963723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3374992                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.147020                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          446976                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29838                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9689330                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45194                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5379838                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20687                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9734524                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5400525                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  15069168                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65881                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              15135049                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5873687                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9487                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5883174                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5873687                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9487                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5883174                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 72346418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20541762                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30145753                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5459472                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3821968                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              47052714                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       151972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       211672                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       309101                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5873051                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143531                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3826                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     68709446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.804701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         58564243     85.23%     85.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1047502      1.52%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           599878      0.87%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1005670      1.46%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1438750      2.09%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           595818      0.87%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           687273      1.00%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           993954      1.45%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3776358      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     68709446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.075463                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.416686                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15640972                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      44434310                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6489922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1845605                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298630                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52868462                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298630                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16329342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27490070                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4834888                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7458098                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12298411                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51941629                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4414738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     59763854                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121530325                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75775134                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      49960654                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9803185                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133711                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135670                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          11274455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5276626                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5567513                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1293352                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1154342                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50704819                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       352117                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          53315877                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143082                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7095697                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11435808                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48932                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     68709446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.775961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.437983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     46613785     67.84%     67.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8576386     12.48%     80.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5226701      7.61%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3016644      4.39%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2936455      4.27%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1183831      1.72%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692192      1.01%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289586      0.42%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173866      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     68709446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95301     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601874     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66310      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165401      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      37832986     70.96%     71.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22630      0.04%     71.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.10%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9815329     18.41%     89.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5427152     10.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       53315877                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.736953                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763485                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014320                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    176247702                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     58159161                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47756681                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       53913929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1248508                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110454                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2629                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6968                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       396040                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5707230                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298630                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4778792                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17966786                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     51056936                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5276626                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5567513                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       342996                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          90401                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714698                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6968                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124446                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190232                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314678                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      52925664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9680497                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             15064348                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4391724                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5383851                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.731559                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47819245                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47756701                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          30844288                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          49408152                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.660111                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.624275                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7285200                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       303185                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279077                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     67557970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.647506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.598355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51321293     75.97%     75.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8058183     11.93%     87.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1861687      2.76%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2152329      3.19%     93.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       748151      1.11%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1050344      1.55%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694013      1.03%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278527      0.41%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1393443      2.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     67557970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     24326553                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       43744179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9337640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4166168                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4054982                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          43448360                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       372209                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81885      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34252239     78.30%     78.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21414      0.05%     78.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.12%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4166168      9.52%     88.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5171472     11.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     43744179                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1393443                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            117135819                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           103214750                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84180                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3636972                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            24326553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              43744179                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.973969                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.973969                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.336251                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.336251                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78280829                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        37735223                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20781351                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16420138                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        24229219                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4923062000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4923062000.000007                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3114622                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.648435                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.943717                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       26.619744                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3079652     98.88%     98.88% |       30762      0.99%     99.86% |        1929      0.06%     99.93% |         920      0.03%     99.96% |         448      0.01%     99.97% |         403      0.01%     99.98% |         489      0.02%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3114622                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3042288                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.551127                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.145926                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       14.060919                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3012632     99.03%     99.03% |       22530      0.74%     99.77% |        4340      0.14%     99.91% |        1565      0.05%     99.96% |         815      0.03%     99.99% |         207      0.01%     99.99% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3042288                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        826870                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.891493                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.088830                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.141268                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       16417      1.99%      1.99% |      101086     12.23%     14.21% |      301807     36.50%     50.71% |      178831     21.63%     72.34% |      179561     21.72%     94.05% |       41710      5.04%     99.10% |        7002      0.85%     99.94% |         404      0.05%     99.99% |          48      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          826870                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4517733                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.509756                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.737145                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          60.649063                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4464909     98.83%     98.83% |       41021      0.91%     99.74% |        8162      0.18%     99.92% |        2729      0.06%     99.98% |         706      0.02%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4517733                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3936281                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000716                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000618                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026832                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3933469     99.93%     99.93% |        2804      0.07%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3936281                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       581452                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     131.271720                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    104.231114                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    119.347020                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      528628     90.92%     90.92% |       41021      7.05%     97.97% |        8162      1.40%     99.37% |        2729      0.47%     99.84% |         706      0.12%     99.96% |         164      0.03%     99.99% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        581452                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5967749                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.165119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.593504                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          48.126523                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5934277     99.44%     99.44% |       27928      0.47%     99.91% |        4336      0.07%     99.98% |         886      0.01%     99.99% |         182      0.00%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5967749                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5255836                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003555                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.003066                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.059810                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5237244     99.65%     99.65% |       18500      0.35%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5255836                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       711913                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     121.715613                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    105.885265                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     83.691429                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      678441     95.30%     95.30% |       27928      3.92%     99.22% |        4336      0.61%     99.83% |         886      0.12%     99.95% |         182      0.03%     99.98% |         102      0.01%     99.99% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        711913                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5866874                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.692768                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.209106                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.978878                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5854211     99.78%     99.78% |       10589      0.18%     99.96% |        1834      0.03%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5866874                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5743776                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000590                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5743774    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5743776                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.677631                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.436993                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.230453                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110435     89.71%     89.71% |       10589      8.60%     98.32% |        1834      1.49%     99.81% |          45      0.04%     99.84% |          82      0.07%     99.91% |          92      0.07%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123098                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126781                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.527634                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.668046                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.604672                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125497     98.99%     98.99% |        1008      0.80%     99.78% |         247      0.19%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126781                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118948                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118840     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118948                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7833                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.453721                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.376919                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.474593                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6549     83.61%     83.61% |        1008     12.87%     96.48% |         247      3.15%     99.63% |           6      0.08%     99.71% |          11      0.14%     99.85% |          11      0.14%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        11015                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       284865                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       303898                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17884                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   183892                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    17962                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    24534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   187771                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    18075                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    24534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   185081                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    18715                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   24535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  189503                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   17818                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  181306                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   18248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   26074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  159115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   16795                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   22999                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                  139941                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   17271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   24533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  180289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2903                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   173                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2736                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   538                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   177                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   492                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   545                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  2399                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   461                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   177                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2897                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    67215                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      594                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    67147                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    67941                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      702                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   67853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      18                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   66159                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   51394                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     661                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       8                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   47816                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     643                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      20                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   67056                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18364                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                24711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               186743                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                18488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               190549                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                18608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               187984                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                19252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              192239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               18356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              184167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               18740                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               26255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              161483                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               17340                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               23164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses              142340                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               17732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               24710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              183186                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  541443                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  416794                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 2301797                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  492948                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  370630                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 2159111                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  540608                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  414973                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 2300955                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  504287                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 369716                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                2176014                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 548115                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 415395                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                2274763                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295463405                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4295361489                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4297295495                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4295585139                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4295439032                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4297532837                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4295542309                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4295423075                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4297364969                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   12028                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   20487                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   93387                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12108                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   95289                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   12184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   94008                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  96135                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  12020                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  92095                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12272                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  21767                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  80755                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  11356                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  19204                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  71180                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  11616                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  20486                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  91602                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  93356                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   6380                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  95260                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   6424                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  93976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   6644                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 96104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 92072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  6468                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 80728                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  5984                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 71160                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  6116                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 91584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                11865                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                20392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                90536                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                11918                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                20390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                92511                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                12000                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                91105                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12411                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               20391                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               93399                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               11806                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               20388                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               89234                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               12087                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               21671                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               78387                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               11158                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19114                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               68781                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               11452                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               20390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               88705                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                163                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                 95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2851                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                190                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2778                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                184                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2903                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                93                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2736                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               214                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses                96                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2861                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               185                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                96                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              2368                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               198                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                90                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              2399                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               164                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                96                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2897                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                6019                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               93356                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               95260                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6075                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               93976                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                6304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              96104                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               6012                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              92072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6161                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              80728                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5637                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              71160                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               5819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              91584                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               317                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               336                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               349                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               340                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              324                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               81                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              307                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              347                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              297                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               81                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      296                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      145                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      303                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      146                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      298                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                      151                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     298                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                     144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                     291                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                     147                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                     275                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                     136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                     251                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                     139                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                     292                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2141294                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2626119                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4841171                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2143302                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2580131                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4844121                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2137634                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2596638                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4856603                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2135258                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2566583                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               4853299                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2146399                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2574535                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               4861303                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2135007                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2695440                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               4841590                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2142397                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2628468                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               4872888                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2139167                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2692830                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               4841189                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2368                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2320                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2424                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    2384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    2416                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   2384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   2328                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   2352                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   2200                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   2176                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   2008                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   2224                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1416166                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2432523                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4442158                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1486405                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2395674                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4449196                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1446317                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2402961                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4440372                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1497613                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2383088                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4453662                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1490326                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2381821                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4460896                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1508332                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2496164                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              4490645                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              1310195                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2430920                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4508053                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1356951                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2490863                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4431839                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             128919                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             196544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             129375                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             201193                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             130478                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             197872                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             134176                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            197872                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            127820                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            193224                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            130274                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            182603                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            123206                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            166664                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            124429                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            193888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2324400                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1437149                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3187815                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2197754                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1401304                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3137097                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2277529                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1435866                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3225568                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2199589                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             1402915                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3157197                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2236667                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1422594                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3213789                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2189407                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1484587                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             3155803                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2507962                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1467981                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             3276848                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2421082                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1489545                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             3266941                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1416166                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2432523                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4442158                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1486405                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2395674                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4449196                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1446317                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2402961                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4440372                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1497613                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2383088                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4453662                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1490326                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2381821                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4460896                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1508332                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2496164                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         4490645                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         1310195                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2430920                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4508053                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1356951                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2490863                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4431839                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        114597                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        196467                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        116149                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        201132                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        116746                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        197792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        121490                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       197793                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       115798                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       193135                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       118423                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       182515                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       107015                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       166573                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       110509                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       193746                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1688587                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1437149                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3164387                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1650453                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1401304                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3115965                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1679297                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1435866                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         3184566                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1648975                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1402915                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        3138337                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1684959                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1422594                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        3191926                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1663392                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1484587                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        3134651                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1729337                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1467981                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        3243694                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1706367                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1489545                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        3219178                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2128890                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2609223                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4817595                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2130691                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2563235                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4820284                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2125195                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2579742                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4833173                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2122415                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2549687                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4829872                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2133811                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2557639                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4838173                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2122064                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2677488                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           4819464                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2131382                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2612628                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4853366                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2128068                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2675934                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4818922                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              3044                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              7004                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              9180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             13812                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              4563                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles            631013                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              9079                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles            19491                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             9826                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             3974                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1230                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles            18105                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             9864                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles             4533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             4392                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles             1252                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          73416503                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          68522832                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368609                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          73416499                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          68522967                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368482                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          73416505                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          68547498                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368699                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         73416501                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         68523059                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368595                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         73416510                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         68522704                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         73416506                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         68522977                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368562                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         73416522                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         68522737                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368495                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         73416518                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         68522580                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2098507                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2626449                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4142018                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2100368                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2580337                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4147798                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2095488                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2596980                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          4160850                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2093520                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2566807                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         4151667                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2103123                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2574897                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         4168701                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2094376                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2695555                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         4152314                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2100663                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2629043                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         4189263                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2097960                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2693313                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         4135969                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               330                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               870                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               881                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               876                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               372                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              850                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              414                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              872                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              174                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              827                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              157                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              778                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              332                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              857                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5537                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             28122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5621                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             30010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              5511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             28062                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5767                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            30137                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5524                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            27902                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5720                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            30875                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             5141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            24965                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             5305                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            26568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5738                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5695                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             19034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6495                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5928                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             21024                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             19077                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              6614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             5891                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            20564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             5739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             5659                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            18982                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             6676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             6278                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            19127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5095                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2            14180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             5539                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            17016                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles             245                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            1010                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            5062                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             171                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             304                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles            4587                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             325                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            1025                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles            3741                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             230                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            542                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           5823                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles            263                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           1038                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           1113                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles            132                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            786                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           3882                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            563                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1525                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles           4213                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles            296                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1509                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles          11845                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77611     25.36%     25.36% |       76295     24.93%     50.28% |       76271     24.92%     75.20% |       75918     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306095                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56039     25.43%     25.43% |       54811     24.88%     50.31% |       54796     24.87%     75.18% |       54696     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77637     25.36%     25.36% |       76295     24.92%     50.28% |       76271     24.92%     75.20% |       75917     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306120                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61949     25.39%     25.39% |       60728     24.89%     50.27% |       60716     24.88%     75.16% |       60619     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       244012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13380     25.25%     25.25% |       13292     25.09%     50.34% |       13283     25.07%     75.41% |       13029     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52984                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77611     25.36%     25.36% |       76295     24.93%     50.28% |       76271     24.92%     75.20% |       75918     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306095                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55782     25.41%     25.41% |       54616     24.88%     50.29% |       54604     24.88%     75.17% |       54507     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219509                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13380     25.25%     25.25% |       13292     25.09%     50.34% |       13283     25.07%     75.41% |       13029     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52984                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77611     25.36%     25.36% |       76295     24.93%     50.28% |       76271     24.92%     75.20% |       75917     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306094                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55782     25.41%     25.41% |       54616     24.88%     50.29% |       54604     24.88%     75.17% |       54507     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219509                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3545412     78.45%     78.45% |          38      0.00%     78.45% |      125808      2.78%     81.24% |      127790      2.83%     84.06% |      126582      2.80%     86.86% |      129133      2.86%     89.72% |      124513      2.76%     92.48% |      114704      2.54%     95.02% |      101657      2.25%     97.26% |      123623      2.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4519260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5866932    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5866932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5298020     86.91%     86.91% |           0      0.00%     86.91% |      103824      1.70%     88.61% |      105770      1.74%     90.35% |      104533      1.71%     92.06% |      106880      1.75%     93.82% |      102532      1.68%     95.50% |       91587      1.50%     97.00% |       81000      1.33%     98.33% |      101819      1.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6095965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13421      4.08%      4.08% |          38      0.01%      4.10% |       40479     12.32%     16.41% |       40766     12.40%     28.82% |       41800     12.72%     41.54% |       40304     12.26%     53.80% |       40736     12.40%     66.19% |       36901     11.23%     77.42% |       33697     10.25%     87.68% |       40503     12.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       328645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410339     56.09%     56.09% |           0      0.00%     56.09% |       40683      5.56%     61.65% |       41681      5.70%     67.35% |       41582      5.68%     73.03% |       42106      5.76%     78.78% |       40906      5.59%     84.38% |       39924      5.46%     89.83% |       34762      4.75%     94.58% |       39619      5.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       731602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37202     13.93%     13.93% |       40069     15.01%     28.94% |       38380     14.37%     43.32% |       38053     14.25%     57.57% |       36929     13.83%     71.40% |       23554      8.82%     80.22% |       18508      6.93%     87.15% |       34303     12.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       266998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       31936     13.81%     13.82% |       33011     14.28%     28.10% |       32904     14.23%     42.33% |       33657     14.56%     56.89% |       31219     13.50%     70.39% |       20411      8.83%     79.22% |       16924      7.32%     86.53% |       31135     13.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       231227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4064     13.45%     13.45% |        3889     12.87%     26.32% |        4299     14.23%     40.55% |        3414     11.30%     51.85% |        3896     12.90%     64.75% |        3769     12.47%     77.22% |        2493      8.25%     85.47% |        4389     14.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        30213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141770     54.22%     54.22% |          11      0.00%     54.23% |       15683      6.00%     60.23% |       15801      6.04%     66.27% |       15804      6.04%     72.31% |       15717      6.01%     78.32% |       14983      5.73%     84.06% |       13547      5.18%     89.24% |       12377      4.73%     93.97% |       15764      6.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       261457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       29951     12.95%     12.96% |       31574     13.65%     26.62% |       30306     13.11%     39.73% |       30427     13.16%     52.89% |       30961     13.39%     66.28% |       26345     11.39%     77.67% |       23224     10.04%     87.71% |       28412     12.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       231227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270361     38.48%     38.48% |           0      0.00%     38.48% |       55950      7.96%     46.44% |       57498      8.18%     54.62% |       58255      8.29%     62.92% |       57469      8.18%     71.09% |       56769      8.08%     79.17% |       49484      7.04%     86.22% |       43083      6.13%     92.35% |       53763      7.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       702632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       38896     14.39%     14.39% |       41394     15.31%     29.70% |       39656     14.67%     44.37% |       39647     14.67%     59.04% |       36955     13.67%     72.71% |       22526      8.33%     81.04% |       16339      6.04%     87.09% |       34912     12.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       270325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       32230     14.07%     14.08% |       34472     15.05%     29.13% |       32946     14.39%     43.52% |       33576     14.66%     58.18% |       31963     13.96%     72.14% |       20089      8.77%     80.91% |       14270      6.23%     87.14% |       29443     12.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       229008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287587     60.18%     60.18% |           0      0.00%     60.18% |       22957      4.80%     64.99% |       22626      4.74%     69.72% |       23088      4.83%     74.56% |       22877      4.79%     79.34% |       23625      4.94%     84.29% |       27030      5.66%     89.94% |       25090      5.25%     95.20% |       22959      4.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       477839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141782     36.20%     36.20% |          38      0.01%     36.21% |       31755      8.11%     44.32% |       32716      8.35%     52.67% |       32580      8.32%     60.99% |       32919      8.41%     69.39% |       31978      8.16%     77.56% |       30628      7.82%     85.38% |       26387      6.74%     92.12% |       30876      7.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       391659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122582    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122582                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146861     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        9440      4.24%     70.29% |        9477      4.26%     74.55% |        9514      4.28%     78.83% |        9699      4.36%     83.19% |        9440      4.24%     87.43% |        9808      4.41%     91.84% |        8887      4.00%     95.84% |        9255      4.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11168     43.02%     43.02% |           0      0.00%     43.02% |        1854      7.14%     50.16% |        1871      7.21%     57.36% |        1858      7.16%     64.52% |        1859      7.16%     71.68% |        1867      7.19%     78.87% |        1831      7.05%     85.92% |        1816      6.99%     92.92% |        1839      7.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        25963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         358      0.19%      0.19% |           0      0.00%      0.19% |       25135     13.24%     13.43% |       26212     13.81%     27.24% |       25651     13.52%     40.76% |       24889     13.11%     53.87% |       25396     13.38%     67.25% |       20878     11.00%     78.25% |       17911      9.44%     87.69% |       23364     12.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       189794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         518    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          33      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       38724     13.18%     13.19% |       39578     13.47%     26.66% |       40222     13.69%     40.35% |       38884     13.24%     53.59% |       39205     13.34%     66.93% |       31530     10.73%     77.67% |       27613      9.40%     87.06% |       38006     12.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       293795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         574      0.72%      0.72% |           0      0.00%      0.72% |       11374     14.22%     14.94% |       12395     15.50%     30.44% |       11752     14.70%     45.14% |       12088     15.12%     60.26% |       10607     13.27%     73.52% |        5915      7.40%     80.92% |        4485      5.61%     86.53% |       10770     13.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        79960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6870      4.02%      4.02% |           0      0.00%      4.02% |       22464     13.13%     17.15% |       22877     13.38%     30.53% |       22529     13.17%     43.70% |       22805     13.33%     57.03% |       21820     12.76%     69.79% |       15418      9.01%     78.80% |       13491      7.89%     86.69% |       22764     13.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       171038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5743776    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5743776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       28760     14.13%     14.14% |       31362     15.40%     29.54% |       29344     14.41%     43.95% |       30798     15.13%     59.08% |       28657     14.08%     73.15% |       16621      8.16%     81.32% |       12156      5.97%     87.29% |       25881     12.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       203598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1331      0.45%      0.45% |          27      0.01%      0.46% |       38001     12.81%     13.26% |       38093     12.84%     26.10% |       39226     13.22%     39.32% |       37782     12.73%     52.05% |       38246     12.89%     64.94% |       34745     11.71%     76.65% |       31482     10.61%     87.26% |       37810     12.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       296743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122041     70.27%     70.27% |           0      0.00%     70.27% |        6352      3.66%     73.93% |        6660      3.83%     77.77% |        6742      3.88%     81.65% |        7141      4.11%     85.76% |        6674      3.84%     89.60% |        6979      4.02%     93.62% |        5187      2.99%     96.61% |        5890      3.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       173666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1387057     90.49%     90.49% |           0      0.00%     90.49% |       18456      1.20%     91.70% |       18595      1.21%     92.91% |       18484      1.21%     94.11% |       18631      1.22%     95.33% |       17973      1.17%     96.50% |       18564      1.21%     97.71% |       16456      1.07%     98.79% |       18584      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1532800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21204     25.29%     25.29% |           0      0.00%     25.29% |        8461     10.09%     35.38% |        8491     10.13%     45.51% |        8515     10.16%     55.66% |        7915      9.44%     65.10% |        7739      9.23%     74.33% |        7090      8.46%     82.79% |        6060      7.23%     90.02% |        8370      9.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        83845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         604     98.21%     98.21% |          11      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119846     77.68%     77.68% |           0      0.00%     77.68% |        4303      2.79%     80.47% |        4305      2.79%     83.26% |        4306      2.79%     86.05% |        4300      2.79%     88.84% |        4296      2.78%     91.62% |        4621      3.00%     94.62% |        4008      2.60%     97.22% |        4292      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       154277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2600     12.95%     12.95% |        2686     13.38%     26.34% |        2664     13.27%     39.61% |        3183     15.86%     55.47% |        2629     13.10%     68.57% |        1536      7.65%     76.22% |        1990      9.91%     86.13% |        2783     13.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        20071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2007819     89.94%     89.94% |           0      0.00%     89.94% |       27998      1.25%     91.19% |       27390      1.23%     92.42% |       27338      1.22%     93.64% |       29889      1.34%     94.98% |       27346      1.22%     96.21% |       29216      1.31%     97.52% |       27412      1.23%     98.74% |       28035      1.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2232443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5129774     96.93%     96.93% |           0      0.00%     96.93% |       18439      0.35%     97.28% |       16862      0.32%     97.60% |       16938      0.32%     97.92% |       19584      0.37%     98.29% |       17491      0.33%     98.62% |       26538      0.50%     99.12% |       26284      0.50%     99.62% |       20307      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5292217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167741     51.84%     51.84% |           0      0.00%     51.84% |       18654      5.77%     57.61% |       18321      5.66%     63.27% |       18782      5.80%     69.07% |       18577      5.74%     74.82% |       19329      5.97%     80.79% |       22409      6.93%     87.72% |       21082      6.52%     94.23% |       18667      5.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       323562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37202     13.93%     13.93% |       40069     15.01%     28.94% |       38380     14.37%     43.32% |       38052     14.25%     57.57% |       36929     13.83%     71.40% |       23554      8.82%     80.22% |       18507      6.93%     87.15% |       34303     12.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       266996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       29336     13.89%     13.91% |       30325     14.36%     28.27% |       30240     14.32%     42.59% |       30474     14.43%     57.02% |       28590     13.54%     70.56% |       18874      8.94%     79.50% |       14934      7.07%     86.57% |       28349     13.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       211152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          30     14.78%     14.78% |          23     11.33%     26.11% |          19      9.36%     35.47% |          27     13.30%     48.77% |          33     16.26%     65.02% |          24     11.82%     76.85% |          20      9.85%     86.70% |          27     13.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141770     54.22%     54.22% |          11      0.00%     54.23% |       15683      6.00%     60.23% |       15801      6.04%     66.27% |       15804      6.04%     72.31% |       15717      6.01%     78.32% |       14983      5.73%     84.06% |       13547      5.18%     89.24% |       12377      4.73%     93.97% |       15764      6.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       261457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       29951     12.95%     12.96% |       31574     13.65%     26.62% |       30306     13.11%     39.73% |       30427     13.16%     52.89% |       30961     13.39%     66.28% |       26345     11.39%     77.67% |       23224     10.04%     87.71% |       28412     12.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       231227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123467     58.33%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |       11226      5.30%     63.64% |       11530      5.45%     69.08% |       12102      5.72%     74.80% |       11637      5.50%     80.30% |       11397      5.38%     85.68% |       11590      5.48%     91.16% |        8677      4.10%     95.26% |       10037      4.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       211663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4064     13.45%     13.45% |        3889     12.87%     26.32% |        4299     14.23%     40.55% |        3414     11.30%     51.85% |        3896     12.90%     64.75% |        3769     12.47%     77.22% |        2493      8.25%     85.47% |        4389     14.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        30213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146894     29.93%     29.93% |           0      0.00%     29.93% |       44694      9.11%     39.04% |       45945      9.36%     48.40% |       46134      9.40%     57.80% |       45805      9.33%     67.13% |       45339      9.24%     76.37% |       37870      7.72%     84.09% |       34386      7.01%     91.10% |       43699      8.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       490766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2288     15.33%     15.33% |        2163     14.49%     29.82% |        1740     11.66%     41.48% |        1359      9.11%     50.59% |        1263      8.46%     59.05% |        1240      8.31%     67.36% |        2357     15.79%     83.15% |        2514     16.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        14924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         594     12.37%     12.37% |         779     16.22%     28.59% |         697     14.51%     43.10% |         636     13.24%     56.34% |         590     12.28%     68.62% |         301      6.27%     74.89% |         379      7.89%     82.78% |         827     17.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         4803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36608     14.33%     14.33% |       39231     15.36%     29.69% |       37916     14.85%     44.54% |       38288     14.99%     59.53% |       35692     13.97%     73.51% |       21286      8.33%     81.84% |       13982      5.47%     87.31% |       32398     12.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       255401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       32230     14.07%     14.08% |       34472     15.05%     29.13% |       32946     14.39%     43.52% |       33576     14.66%     58.18% |       31963     13.96%     72.14% |       20089      8.77%     80.91% |       14270      6.23%     87.14% |       29443     12.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       229008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          30     14.78%     14.78% |          23     11.33%     26.11% |          19      9.36%     35.47% |          27     13.30%     48.77% |          33     16.26%     65.02% |          24     11.82%     76.85% |          20      9.85%     86.70% |          27     13.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1526    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287587     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       22957      4.80%     64.99% |       22626      4.74%     69.73% |       23088      4.83%     74.56% |       22876      4.79%     79.34% |       23625      4.94%     84.29% |       27029      5.66%     89.95% |       25089      5.25%     95.20% |       22956      4.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       477833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3826      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.17% |        3474      2.82%      9.00% |        3488      2.83%     11.83% |        3535      2.87%     14.70% |        4040      3.28%     17.98% |        3712      3.02%     21.00% |        3293      2.67%     23.67% |        3535      2.87%     26.54% |        5127      4.16%     30.71% |        3879      3.15%     33.86% |        3782      3.07%     36.93% |        3543      2.88%     39.81% |        4269      3.47%     43.28% |        3862      3.14%     46.41% |        3768      3.06%     49.48% |        4082      3.32%     52.79% |        4108      3.34%     56.13% |        3604      2.93%     59.06% |        3284      2.67%     61.72% |        3063      2.49%     64.21% |        3646      2.96%     67.17% |        3495      2.84%     70.01% |        3386      2.75%     72.76% |        3604      2.93%     75.69% |        3630      2.95%     78.64% |        3246      2.64%     81.28% |        4532      3.68%     84.96% |        3916      3.18%     88.14% |        5150      4.18%     92.32% |        5002      4.06%     96.38% |        4451      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44748      7.55%      7.55% |       18308      3.09%     10.64% |       17464      2.95%     13.59% |       18228      3.08%     16.66% |       17630      2.98%     19.64% |       17241      2.91%     22.55% |       17071      2.88%     25.43% |       17013      2.87%     28.30% |       17185      2.90%     31.20% |       17630      2.98%     34.18% |       19430      3.28%     37.46% |       19182      3.24%     40.69% |       18042      3.04%     43.74% |       17452      2.95%     46.68% |       16786      2.83%     49.51% |       17027      2.87%     52.39% |       18156      3.06%     55.45% |       17444      2.94%     58.40% |       17686      2.98%     61.38% |       17546      2.96%     64.34% |       17653      2.98%     67.32% |       18790      3.17%     70.49% |       17199      2.90%     73.39% |       16972      2.86%     76.26% |       17374      2.93%     79.19% |       17753      3.00%     82.19% |       17318      2.92%     85.11% |       16776      2.83%     87.94% |       17280      2.92%     90.86% |       16878      2.85%     93.70% |       17432      2.94%     96.65% |       19877      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       592571                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18573      3.50%      3.50% |       16650      3.14%      6.64% |       16287      3.07%      9.71% |       16463      3.10%     12.81% |       16530      3.12%     15.93% |       16338      3.08%     19.01% |       16138      3.04%     22.05% |       16077      3.03%     25.08% |       16457      3.10%     28.19% |       16287      3.07%     31.26% |       16281      3.07%     34.33% |       16899      3.19%     37.51% |       16452      3.10%     40.62% |       16165      3.05%     43.66% |       16214      3.06%     46.72% |       16244      3.06%     49.78% |       16488      3.11%     52.89% |       16263      3.07%     55.96% |       16481      3.11%     59.06% |       16618      3.13%     62.20% |       16587      3.13%     65.32% |       17386      3.28%     68.60% |       16308      3.07%     71.68% |       16406      3.09%     74.77% |       16918      3.19%     77.96% |       16549      3.12%     81.08% |       16539      3.12%     84.20% |       16897      3.19%     87.38% |       16584      3.13%     90.51% |       16516      3.11%     93.62% |       17002      3.21%     96.83% |       16825      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       530422                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        6425      3.15%      3.15% |        6245      3.06%      6.20% |        6345      3.11%      9.31% |        6372      3.12%     12.43% |        6496      3.18%     15.61% |        6251      3.06%     18.67% |        6336      3.10%     21.77% |        6377      3.12%     24.89% |        6510      3.19%     28.08% |        6315      3.09%     31.17% |        6286      3.08%     34.25% |        6375      3.12%     37.37% |        6552      3.21%     40.58% |        6354      3.11%     43.69% |        6318      3.09%     46.78% |        6318      3.09%     49.87% |        6538      3.20%     53.07% |        6369      3.12%     56.19% |        6381      3.12%     59.31% |        6305      3.09%     62.40% |        6532      3.20%     65.60% |        6365      3.12%     68.71% |        6400      3.13%     71.85% |        6389      3.13%     74.98% |        6477      3.17%     78.15% |        6382      3.12%     81.27% |        6409      3.14%     84.41% |        6432      3.15%     87.56% |        6431      3.15%     90.70% |        6324      3.10%     93.80% |        6342      3.10%     96.91% |        6322      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       204273                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42871      8.97%      8.97% |       14997      3.14%     12.11% |       13669      2.86%     14.97% |       14590      3.05%     18.02% |       13818      2.89%     20.92% |       13446      2.81%     23.73% |       13067      2.73%     26.46% |       13108      2.74%     29.21% |       13314      2.79%     31.99% |       13875      2.90%     34.90% |       15623      3.27%     38.17% |       15914      3.33%     41.50% |       14017      2.93%     44.43% |       13644      2.86%     47.29% |       12806      2.68%     49.97% |       13202      2.76%     52.73% |       14159      2.96%     55.69% |       13672      2.86%     58.55% |       14019      2.93%     61.49% |       14044      2.94%     64.43% |       13688      2.86%     67.29% |       16131      3.38%     70.67% |       13600      2.85%     73.51% |       13288      2.78%     76.29% |       13753      2.88%     79.17% |       14128      2.96%     82.13% |       13664      2.86%     84.99% |       13631      2.85%     87.84% |       13523      2.83%     90.67% |       13329      2.79%     93.46% |       14447      3.02%     96.48% |       16804      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       477841                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8037      3.66%      3.66% |        6815      3.11%      6.77% |        6847      3.12%      9.89% |        6807      3.10%     13.00% |        6788      3.10%     16.09% |        6806      3.10%     19.20% |        6791      3.10%     22.29% |        6801      3.10%     25.39% |        6822      3.11%     28.50% |        6831      3.11%     31.62% |        6855      3.13%     34.75% |        6830      3.11%     37.86% |        6818      3.11%     40.97% |        6846      3.12%     44.09% |        6817      3.11%     47.20% |        6811      3.11%     50.30% |        6851      3.12%     53.43% |        6826      3.11%     56.54% |        6832      3.12%     59.66% |        6831      3.11%     62.77% |        6821      3.11%     65.88% |        6857      3.13%     69.01% |        6825      3.11%     72.12% |        6786      3.09%     75.21% |        6803      3.10%     78.31% |        6812      3.11%     81.42% |        6795      3.10%     84.52% |        6788      3.10%     87.61% |        6788      3.10%     90.71% |        6779      3.09%     93.80% |        6791      3.10%     96.90% |        6805      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219312                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1815      3.41%      3.41% |        1699      3.19%      6.61% |        1729      3.25%      9.86% |        1674      3.15%     13.01% |        1676      3.15%     16.16% |        1666      3.13%     19.29% |        1670      3.14%     22.43% |        1655      3.11%     25.54% |        1671      3.14%     28.68% |        1704      3.20%     31.89% |        1690      3.18%     35.07% |        1644      3.09%     38.16% |        1691      3.18%     41.34% |        1684      3.17%     44.50% |        1700      3.20%     47.70% |        1645      3.09%     50.79% |        1660      3.12%     53.91% |        1644      3.09%     57.01% |        1634      3.07%     60.08% |        1623      3.05%     63.13% |        1625      3.06%     66.19% |        1640      3.08%     69.27% |        1624      3.05%     72.32% |        1614      3.03%     75.36% |        1653      3.11%     78.47% |        1676      3.15%     81.62% |        1666      3.13%     84.75% |        1620      3.05%     87.80% |        1643      3.09%     90.89% |        1623      3.05%     93.94% |        1621      3.05%     96.99% |        1603      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53182                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10968      3.58%      3.58% |        9564      3.12%      6.71% |        9624      3.14%      9.85% |        9529      3.11%     12.96% |        9512      3.11%     16.07% |        9520      3.11%     19.18% |        9509      3.11%     22.29% |        9504      3.10%     25.39% |        9541      3.12%     28.51% |        9583      3.13%     31.64% |        9592      3.13%     34.78% |        9521      3.11%     37.89% |        9556      3.12%     41.01% |        9577      3.13%     44.14% |        9564      3.12%     47.26% |        9503      3.10%     50.37% |        9558      3.12%     53.49% |        9518      3.11%     56.60% |        9514      3.11%     59.71% |        9502      3.10%     62.81% |        9494      3.10%     65.91% |        9546      3.12%     69.03% |        9497      3.10%     72.13% |        9447      3.09%     75.22% |        9504      3.10%     78.32% |        9537      3.12%     81.44% |        9510      3.11%     84.55% |        9454      3.09%     87.64% |        9478      3.10%     90.73% |        9450      3.09%     93.82% |        9461      3.09%     96.91% |        9457      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306094                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9944      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.12%      6.76% |        8600      3.15%      9.91% |        8505      3.11%     13.02% |        8488      3.11%     16.13% |        8496      3.11%     19.23% |        8485      3.10%     22.34% |        8480      3.10%     25.44% |        8517      3.12%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8568      3.13%     34.82% |        8497      3.11%     37.93% |        8532      3.12%     41.05% |        8553      3.13%     44.18% |        8540      3.12%     47.31% |        8479      3.10%     50.41% |        8534      3.12%     53.53% |        8494      3.11%     56.64% |        8490      3.11%     59.75% |        8478      3.10%     62.85% |        8470      3.10%     65.95% |        8522      3.12%     69.06% |        8473      3.10%     72.16% |        8423      3.08%     75.25% |        8480      3.10%     78.35% |        8513      3.11%     81.46% |        8486      3.10%     84.57% |        8430      3.08%     87.65% |        8454      3.09%     90.75% |        8426      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.91% |        8433      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273326                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6733      3.18%      3.18% |        6561      3.10%      6.29% |        6653      3.15%      9.43% |        6590      3.12%     12.55% |        6703      3.17%     15.72% |        6528      3.09%     18.81% |        6613      3.13%     21.93% |        6614      3.13%     25.06% |        6676      3.16%     28.22% |        6557      3.10%     31.32% |        6557      3.10%     34.42% |        6642      3.14%     37.56% |        6760      3.20%     40.76% |        6501      3.07%     43.83% |        6540      3.09%     46.92% |        6570      3.11%     50.03% |        6790      3.21%     53.24% |        6580      3.11%     56.35% |        6545      3.09%     59.45% |        6498      3.07%     62.52% |        6793      3.21%     65.73% |        6602      3.12%     68.85% |        6520      3.08%     71.94% |        6521      3.08%     75.02% |        6700      3.17%     78.19% |        6603      3.12%     81.31% |        6556      3.10%     84.41% |        6494      3.07%     87.48% |        6710      3.17%     90.65% |        6644      3.14%     93.80% |        6629      3.13%     96.93% |        6490      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       211473                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         639      3.18%      3.18% |         630      3.14%      6.32% |         625      3.11%      9.44% |         641      3.19%     12.63% |         639      3.18%     15.81% |         638      3.18%     18.99% |         617      3.07%     22.07% |         627      3.12%     25.19% |         644      3.21%     28.40% |         624      3.11%     31.51% |         628      3.13%     34.64% |         619      3.08%     37.72% |         614      3.06%     40.78% |         629      3.13%     43.91% |         629      3.13%     47.05% |         610      3.04%     50.08% |         627      3.12%     53.21% |         628      3.13%     56.34% |         632      3.15%     59.49% |         617      3.07%     62.56% |         626      3.12%     65.68% |         613      3.05%     68.73% |         628      3.13%     71.86% |         623      3.10%     74.97% |         610      3.04%     78.00% |         626      3.12%     81.12% |         628      3.13%     84.25% |         628      3.13%     87.38% |         644      3.21%     90.59% |         620      3.09%     93.68% |         633      3.15%     96.83% |         636      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        20072                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         393      3.07%      3.07% |         394      3.08%      6.15% |         401      3.13%      9.28% |         404      3.16%     12.43% |         405      3.16%     15.60% |         403      3.15%     18.74% |         404      3.16%     21.90% |         404      3.16%     25.05% |         403      3.15%     28.20% |         403      3.15%     31.35% |         408      3.19%     34.53% |         405      3.16%     37.70% |         405      3.16%     40.86% |         407      3.18%     44.04% |         407      3.18%     47.22% |         403      3.15%     50.36% |         404      3.16%     53.52% |         399      3.12%     56.63% |         401      3.13%     59.77% |         398      3.11%     62.87% |         397      3.10%     65.97% |         399      3.12%     69.09% |         394      3.08%     72.17% |         395      3.08%     75.25% |         393      3.07%     78.32% |         394      3.08%     81.40% |         396      3.09%     84.49% |         396      3.09%     87.58% |         398      3.11%     90.69% |         398      3.11%     93.80% |         398      3.11%     96.91% |         396      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        12805                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         500      3.34%      3.34% |         456      3.04%      6.38% |         454      3.03%      9.41% |         447      2.98%     12.39% |         460      3.07%     15.46% |         469      3.13%     18.59% |         461      3.08%     21.67% |         461      3.08%     24.75% |         468      3.12%     27.87% |         475      3.17%     31.04% |         487      3.25%     34.29% |         476      3.18%     37.47% |         493      3.29%     40.76% |         496      3.31%     44.07% |         500      3.34%     47.40% |         485      3.24%     50.64% |         487      3.25%     53.89% |         472      3.15%     57.04% |         468      3.12%     60.16% |         447      2.98%     63.15% |         440      2.94%     66.08% |         470      3.14%     69.22% |         449      3.00%     72.22% |         447      2.98%     75.20% |         474      3.16%     78.36% |         478      3.19%     81.55% |         487      3.25%     84.80% |         455      3.04%     87.84% |         451      3.01%     90.85% |         455      3.04%     93.89% |         462      3.08%     96.97% |         454      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7310      3.16%      3.16% |        7184      3.11%      6.27% |        7268      3.14%      9.41% |        7223      3.12%     12.54% |        7335      3.17%     15.71% |        7162      3.10%     18.80% |        7225      3.12%     21.93% |        7234      3.13%     25.06% |        7312      3.16%     28.22% |        7173      3.10%     31.32% |        7178      3.10%     34.43% |        7255      3.14%     37.56% |        7366      3.19%     40.75% |        7126      3.08%     43.83% |        7163      3.10%     46.93% |        7175      3.10%     50.03% |        7411      3.21%     53.24% |        7201      3.11%     56.35% |        7170      3.10%     59.45% |        7105      3.07%     62.53% |        7407      3.20%     65.73% |        7202      3.11%     68.84% |        7137      3.09%     71.93% |        7133      3.08%     75.02% |        7300      3.16%     78.17% |        7220      3.12%     81.29% |        7174      3.10%     84.40% |        7111      3.08%     87.47% |        7341      3.17%     90.65% |        7255      3.14%     93.78% |        7249      3.14%     96.92% |        7122      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       231227                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       58964      6.01%      6.01% |       30657      3.12%      9.13% |       29344      2.99%     12.12% |       30266      3.08%     15.21% |       29791      3.04%     18.24% |       29112      2.97%     21.21% |       28747      2.93%     24.14% |       28748      2.93%     27.07% |       29269      2.98%     30.05% |       29533      3.01%     33.06% |       31267      3.19%     36.25% |       31586      3.22%     39.47% |       29996      3.06%     42.53% |       29235      2.98%     45.51% |       28460      2.90%     48.41% |       28846      2.94%     51.35% |       30164      3.07%     54.42% |       29309      2.99%     57.41% |       29641      3.02%     60.43% |       29656      3.02%     63.45% |       29709      3.03%     66.48% |       31780      3.24%     69.72% |       29182      2.97%     72.69% |       28916      2.95%     75.64% |       29714      3.03%     78.67% |       29773      3.03%     81.70% |       29284      2.98%     84.68% |       29230      2.98%     87.66% |       29534      3.01%     90.67% |       28996      2.96%     93.63% |       30114      3.07%     96.70% |       32408      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       981231                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         410      3.27%      3.27% |         374      2.98%      6.25% |         379      3.02%      9.28% |         373      2.98%     12.25% |         383      3.06%     15.31% |         380      3.03%     18.34% |         380      3.03%     21.37% |         384      3.06%     24.44% |         389      3.10%     27.54% |         401      3.20%     30.74% |         406      3.24%     33.98% |         397      3.17%     37.15% |         417      3.33%     40.47% |         417      3.33%     43.80% |         419      3.34%     47.14% |         408      3.26%     50.40% |         413      3.30%     53.69% |         400      3.19%     56.89% |         391      3.12%     60.00% |         372      2.97%     62.97% |         364      2.90%     65.88% |         389      3.10%     68.98% |         373      2.98%     71.96% |         372      2.97%     74.92% |         399      3.18%     78.11% |         406      3.24%     81.35% |         414      3.30%     84.65% |         387      3.09%     87.74% |         389      3.10%     90.84% |         382      3.05%     93.89% |         393      3.14%     97.02% |         373      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12534                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5284      4.13%      4.13% |        4018      3.14%      7.28% |        4071      3.18%     10.46% |        3981      3.11%     13.58% |        3970      3.11%     16.68% |        3967      3.10%     19.79% |        3968      3.10%     22.89% |        3962      3.10%     25.99% |        3972      3.11%     29.10% |        4000      3.13%     32.23% |        4018      3.14%     35.37% |        3930      3.07%     38.44% |        3951      3.09%     41.53% |        3973      3.11%     44.64% |        3969      3.10%     47.75% |        3932      3.08%     50.82% |        3964      3.10%     53.92% |        3936      3.08%     57.00% |        3940      3.08%     60.09% |        3948      3.09%     63.17% |        3949      3.09%     66.26% |        3959      3.10%     69.36% |        3951      3.09%     72.45% |        3905      3.05%     75.51% |        3931      3.08%     78.58% |        3950      3.09%     81.67% |        3913      3.06%     84.73% |        3897      3.05%     87.78% |        3916      3.06%     90.85% |        3895      3.05%     93.89% |        3885      3.04%     96.93% |        3922      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127827                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5158      3.11%     25.01% |        5180      3.13%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5187      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.01% |        5181      3.13%     53.14% |        5182      3.13%     56.26% |        5183      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.52% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5198      3.14%     68.78% |        5173      3.12%     71.90% |        5170      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.27% |        5183      3.13%     84.40% |        5171      3.12%     87.52% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5173      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165734                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3090      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.95% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.05% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3201      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.33% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4145      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2697      3.19%      3.19% |        2603      3.08%      6.28% |        2656      3.14%      9.42% |        2712      3.21%     12.63% |        2711      3.21%     15.84% |        2718      3.22%     19.06% |        2720      3.22%     22.28% |        2633      3.12%     25.40% |        2703      3.20%     28.60% |        2686      3.18%     31.78% |        2692      3.19%     34.97% |        2594      3.07%     38.04% |        2662      3.15%     41.19% |        2616      3.10%     44.29% |        2695      3.19%     47.48% |        2631      3.12%     50.60% |        2669      3.16%     53.76% |        2611      3.09%     56.85% |        2672      3.16%     60.01% |        2589      3.07%     63.08% |        2586      3.06%     66.14% |        2569      3.04%     69.18% |        2608      3.09%     72.27% |        2590      3.07%     75.34% |        2628      3.11%     78.45% |        2584      3.06%     81.51% |        2653      3.14%     84.65% |        2597      3.08%     87.72% |        2613      3.09%     90.82% |        2543      3.01%     93.83% |        2601      3.08%     96.91% |        2610      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        84452                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |        1033      3.16%      3.16% |        1074      3.28%      6.44% |        1078      3.29%      9.73% |        1011      3.09%     12.82% |         993      3.03%     15.85% |        1043      3.19%     19.04% |        1062      3.24%     22.28% |        1018      3.11%     25.39% |         984      3.01%     28.40% |        1011      3.09%     31.49% |        1046      3.20%     34.69% |        1053      3.22%     37.90% |        1037      3.17%     41.07% |         966      2.95%     44.02% |        1036      3.17%     47.19% |        1044      3.19%     50.38% |        1041      3.18%     53.56% |        1012      3.09%     56.65% |         998      3.05%     59.70% |        1011      3.09%     62.79% |        1069      3.27%     66.05% |        1044      3.19%     69.24% |         949      2.90%     72.14% |         977      2.98%     75.13% |        1042      3.18%     78.31% |        1057      3.23%     81.54% |         991      3.03%     84.57% |         938      2.87%     87.43% |        1045      3.19%     90.63% |        1080      3.30%     93.93% |        1045      3.19%     97.12% |         943      2.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        32731                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6279      3.16%      3.16% |        6113      3.08%      6.23% |        6201      3.12%      9.35% |        6215      3.13%     12.48% |        6347      3.19%     15.67% |        6120      3.08%     18.75% |        6175      3.11%     21.86% |        6222      3.13%     24.99% |        6332      3.19%     28.17% |        6172      3.10%     31.28% |        6131      3.08%     34.36% |        6211      3.12%     37.48% |        6351      3.19%     40.68% |        6167      3.10%     43.78% |        6132      3.08%     46.87% |        6148      3.09%     49.96% |        6382      3.21%     53.17% |        6206      3.12%     56.29% |        6188      3.11%     59.40% |        6109      3.07%     62.48% |        6343      3.19%     65.67% |        6182      3.11%     68.78% |        6200      3.12%     71.90% |        6169      3.10%     75.00% |        6279      3.16%     78.16% |        6171      3.10%     81.26% |        6198      3.12%     84.38% |        6180      3.11%     87.49% |        6295      3.17%     90.66% |        6184      3.11%     93.77% |        6209      3.12%     96.89% |        6184      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       198795                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.26%      3.26% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.26% |         430      3.01%     12.26% |         442      3.09%     15.35% |         438      3.06%     18.41% |         438      3.06%     21.48% |         442      3.09%     24.57% |         446      3.12%     27.68% |         454      3.17%     30.86% |         449      3.14%     34.00% |         455      3.18%     37.18% |         473      3.31%     40.49% |         473      3.31%     43.79% |         476      3.33%     47.12% |         464      3.24%     50.36% |         467      3.26%     53.63% |         454      3.17%     56.80% |         449      3.14%     59.94% |         425      2.97%     62.91% |         418      2.92%     65.83% |         440      3.08%     68.91% |         431      3.01%     71.92% |         430      3.01%     74.93% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.38% |         472      3.30%     84.68% |         440      3.08%     87.76% |         438      3.06%     90.82% |         437      3.06%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29095     21.43%     21.43% |        4169      3.07%     24.50% |        3099      2.28%     26.78% |        3923      2.89%     29.67% |        3266      2.41%     32.07% |        2999      2.21%     34.28% |        2780      2.05%     36.33% |        2792      2.06%     38.39% |        2838      2.09%     40.48% |        3389      2.50%     42.97% |        5147      3.79%     46.76% |        4974      3.66%     50.43% |        3629      2.67%     53.10% |        3329      2.45%     55.55% |        2526      1.86%     57.41% |        2878      2.12%     59.53% |        3705      2.73%     62.26% |        3287      2.42%     64.68% |        3450      2.54%     67.22% |        3404      2.51%     69.73% |        3250      2.39%     72.12% |        4625      3.41%     75.53% |        3096      2.28%     77.81% |        2868      2.11%     79.92% |        3036      2.24%     82.15% |        3532      2.60%     84.76% |        3081      2.27%     87.03% |        2694      1.98%     89.01% |        3022      2.23%     91.23% |        2770      2.04%     93.27% |        3322      2.45%     95.72% |        5810      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135785                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3504      6.31%      6.31% |        1854      3.34%      9.65% |        1544      2.78%     12.43% |        1725      3.11%     15.54% |        1638      2.95%     18.49% |        1532      2.76%     21.25% |        1374      2.47%     23.72% |        1413      2.55%     26.27% |        1547      2.79%     29.06% |        1523      2.74%     31.80% |        1513      2.73%     34.53% |        2033      3.66%     38.19% |        1463      2.64%     40.82% |        1372      2.47%     43.29% |        1352      2.44%     45.73% |        1443      2.60%     48.33% |        1523      2.74%     51.07% |        1481      2.67%     53.74% |        1651      2.97%     56.71% |        1728      3.11%     59.83% |        1535      2.76%     62.59% |        2584      4.65%     67.25% |        1600      2.88%     70.13% |        1562      2.81%     72.94% |        1823      3.28%     76.22% |        1678      3.02%     79.25% |        1701      3.06%     82.31% |        2084      3.75%     86.07% |        1622      2.92%     88.99% |        1706      3.07%     92.06% |        2276      4.10%     96.16% |        2132      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55516                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8031      3.66%      3.66% |        6806      3.11%      6.77% |        6830      3.12%      9.89% |        6803      3.10%     12.99% |        6786      3.10%     16.09% |        6798      3.10%     19.19% |        6788      3.10%     22.29% |        6798      3.10%     25.39% |        6818      3.11%     28.50% |        6823      3.11%     31.62% |        6834      3.12%     34.73% |        6824      3.11%     37.85% |        6813      3.11%     40.96% |        6843      3.12%     44.08% |        6811      3.11%     47.19% |        6808      3.11%     50.29% |        6847      3.12%     53.42% |        6824      3.11%     56.53% |        6828      3.12%     59.65% |        6827      3.12%     62.76% |        6815      3.11%     65.87% |        6849      3.13%     69.00% |        6821      3.11%     72.11% |        6784      3.10%     75.21% |        6799      3.10%     78.31% |        6809      3.11%     81.42% |        6791      3.10%     84.52% |        6785      3.10%     87.61% |        6782      3.09%     90.71% |        6775      3.09%     93.80% |        6788      3.10%     96.90% |        6800      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219138                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1315      3.45%      3.45% |        1245      3.27%      6.72% |        1282      3.36%     10.08% |        1223      3.21%     13.29% |        1211      3.18%     16.47% |        1201      3.15%     19.62% |        1207      3.17%     22.79% |        1190      3.12%     25.91% |        1199      3.15%     29.06% |        1229      3.22%     32.28% |        1217      3.19%     35.47% |        1168      3.06%     38.54% |        1195      3.14%     41.67% |        1187      3.11%     44.79% |        1200      3.15%     47.94% |        1158      3.04%     50.98% |        1171      3.07%     54.05% |        1167      3.06%     57.11% |        1163      3.05%     60.16% |        1170      3.07%     63.23% |        1179      3.09%     66.33% |        1165      3.06%     69.38% |        1168      3.06%     72.45% |        1158      3.04%     75.49% |        1173      3.08%     78.56% |        1192      3.13%     81.69% |        1173      3.08%     84.77% |        1157      3.04%     87.81% |        1185      3.11%     90.92% |        1163      3.05%     93.97% |        1149      3.01%     96.98% |        1150      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7310      3.16%      3.16% |        7184      3.11%      6.27% |        7268      3.14%      9.41% |        7223      3.12%     12.54% |        7335      3.17%     15.71% |        7162      3.10%     18.80% |        7225      3.12%     21.93% |        7234      3.13%     25.06% |        7312      3.16%     28.22% |        7173      3.10%     31.32% |        7178      3.10%     34.43% |        7255      3.14%     37.56% |        7366      3.19%     40.75% |        7126      3.08%     43.83% |        7163      3.10%     46.93% |        7175      3.10%     50.03% |        7411      3.21%     53.24% |        7201      3.11%     56.35% |        7170      3.10%     59.45% |        7105      3.07%     62.53% |        7407      3.20%     65.73% |        7202      3.11%     68.84% |        7137      3.09%     71.93% |        7133      3.08%     75.02% |        7300      3.16%     78.17% |        7220      3.12%     81.29% |        7174      3.10%     84.40% |        7111      3.08%     87.47% |        7341      3.17%     90.65% |        7255      3.14%     93.78% |        7249      3.14%     96.92% |        7122      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       231227                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8553      3.20%      3.20% |        8315      3.11%      6.32% |        8243      3.09%      9.40% |        8296      3.11%     12.51% |        8482      3.18%     15.69% |        8336      3.12%     18.81% |        8300      3.11%     21.92% |        8251      3.09%     25.01% |        8480      3.18%     28.19% |        8325      3.12%     31.30% |        8305      3.11%     34.41% |        8260      3.09%     37.51% |        8457      3.17%     40.68% |        8309      3.11%     43.79% |        8332      3.12%     46.91% |        8316      3.11%     50.02% |        8440      3.16%     53.18% |        8281      3.10%     56.29% |        8296      3.11%     59.39% |        8345      3.13%     62.52% |        8445      3.16%     65.68% |        8270      3.10%     68.78% |        8283      3.10%     71.88% |        8336      3.12%     75.00% |        8507      3.19%     78.19% |        8270      3.10%     81.29% |        8289      3.10%     84.39% |        8331      3.12%     87.51% |        8515      3.19%     90.70% |        8255      3.09%     93.79% |        8257      3.09%     96.88% |        8318      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       266998                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42868      8.97%      8.97% |       14997      3.14%     12.11% |       13669      2.86%     14.97% |       14590      3.05%     18.02% |       13817      2.89%     20.92% |       13446      2.81%     23.73% |       13067      2.73%     26.46% |       13108      2.74%     29.21% |       13314      2.79%     31.99% |       13875      2.90%     34.90% |       15623      3.27%     38.17% |       15914      3.33%     41.50% |       14017      2.93%     44.43% |       13644      2.86%     47.29% |       12806      2.68%     49.97% |       13201      2.76%     52.73% |       14159      2.96%     55.69% |       13672      2.86%     58.55% |       14019      2.93%     61.49% |       14044      2.94%     64.43% |       13688      2.86%     67.29% |       16131      3.38%     70.67% |       13600      2.85%     73.51% |       13288      2.78%     76.29% |       13752      2.88%     79.17% |       14128      2.96%     82.13% |       13664      2.86%     84.99% |       13631      2.85%     87.84% |       13523      2.83%     90.67% |       13329      2.79%     93.46% |       14447      3.02%     96.48% |       16802      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       477833                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      4.59%      4.59% |           7      6.42%     11.01% |           6      5.50%     16.51% |           3      2.75%     19.27% |           2      1.83%     21.10% |           5      4.59%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           3      2.75%     28.44% |           5      4.59%     33.03% |           3      2.75%     35.78% |           5      4.59%     40.37% |           3      2.75%     43.12% |           1      0.92%     44.04% |           3      2.75%     46.79% |           1      0.92%     47.71% |           2      1.83%     49.54% |           1      0.92%     50.46% |           3      2.75%     53.21% |           3      2.75%     55.96% |           5      4.59%     60.55% |           7      6.42%     66.97% |           4      3.67%     70.64% |           2      1.83%     72.48% |           4      3.67%     76.15% |           3      2.75%     78.90% |           4      3.67%     82.57% |           3      2.75%     85.32% |           5      4.59%     89.91% |           3      2.75%     92.66% |           3      2.75%     95.41% |           5      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          33      4.30%      4.30% |          21      2.73%      7.03% |          23      2.99%     10.03% |          21      2.73%     12.76% |          23      2.99%     15.76% |          27      3.52%     19.27% |          25      3.26%     22.53% |          23      2.99%     25.52% |          26      3.39%     28.91% |          21      2.73%     31.64% |          24      3.12%     34.77% |          21      2.73%     37.50% |          23      2.99%     40.49% |          24      3.12%     43.62% |          24      3.12%     46.74% |          23      2.99%     49.74% |          22      2.86%     52.60% |          23      2.99%     55.60% |          22      2.86%     58.46% |          28      3.65%     62.11% |          28      3.65%     65.76% |          35      4.56%     70.31% |          25      3.26%     73.57% |          26      3.39%     76.95% |          20      2.60%     79.56% |          21      2.73%     82.29% |          21      2.73%     85.03% |          23      2.99%     88.02% |          20      2.60%     90.62% |          23      2.99%     93.62% |          25      3.26%     96.88% |          24      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          768                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9944      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.12%      6.76% |        8600      3.15%      9.91% |        8505      3.11%     13.02% |        8488      3.11%     16.13% |        8496      3.11%     19.23% |        8485      3.10%     22.34% |        8480      3.10%     25.44% |        8517      3.12%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8568      3.13%     34.82% |        8497      3.11%     37.93% |        8532      3.12%     41.05% |        8553      3.13%     44.18% |        8540      3.12%     47.31% |        8479      3.10%     50.41% |        8534      3.12%     53.53% |        8494      3.11%     56.64% |        8490      3.11%     59.75% |        8478      3.10%     62.85% |        8470      3.10%     65.95% |        8522      3.12%     69.06% |        8473      3.10%     72.16% |        8423      3.08%     75.25% |        8480      3.10%     78.35% |        8513      3.11%     81.46% |        8486      3.10%     84.57% |        8430      3.08%     87.65% |        8454      3.09%     90.75% |        8426      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.91% |        8433      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273326                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     48.33%     48.33% |           5      4.17%     52.50% |           4      3.33%     55.83% |           3      2.50%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           3      2.50%     60.83% |           2      1.67%     62.50% |           3      2.50%     65.00% |           2      1.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      0.83%     67.50% |           0      0.00%     67.50% |           1      0.83%     68.33% |           1      0.83%     69.17% |           2      1.67%     70.83% |           1      0.83%     71.67% |           3      2.50%     74.17% |           3      2.50%     76.67% |           3      2.50%     79.17% |           1      0.83%     80.00% |           3      2.50%     82.50% |           2      1.67%     84.17% |           3      2.50%     86.67% |           3      2.50%     89.17% |           5      4.17%     93.33% |           3      2.50%     95.83% |           3      2.50%     98.33% |           2      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           5     11.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           3      6.67%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           4      8.89%     82.22% |           1      2.22%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.02%      2.02% |           2      1.01%      3.03% |           6      3.03%      6.06% |           5      2.53%      8.59% |           7      3.54%     12.12% |           4      2.02%     14.14% |           5      2.53%     16.67% |           7      3.54%     20.20% |           8      4.04%     24.24% |           5      2.53%     26.77% |           5      2.53%     29.29% |           3      1.52%     30.81% |           6      3.03%     33.84% |           4      2.02%     35.86% |           5      2.53%     38.38% |           5      2.53%     40.91% |           5      2.53%     43.43% |           6      3.03%     46.46% |           5      2.53%     48.99% |           9      4.55%     53.54% |           9      4.55%     58.08% |          10      5.05%     63.13% |           8      4.04%     67.17% |          10      5.05%     72.22% |           7      3.54%     75.76% |           7      3.54%     79.29% |           7      3.54%     82.83% |           8      4.04%     86.87% |           8      4.04%     90.91% |           6      3.03%     93.94% |          10      5.05%     98.99% |           2      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          29      5.09%      5.09% |          19      3.33%      8.42% |          17      2.98%     11.40% |          16      2.81%     14.21% |          16      2.81%     17.02% |          23      4.04%     21.05% |          20      3.51%     24.56% |          16      2.81%     27.37% |          18      3.16%     30.53% |          16      2.81%     33.33% |          19      3.33%     36.67% |          18      3.16%     39.82% |          17      2.98%     42.81% |          20      3.51%     46.32% |          19      3.33%     49.65% |          18      3.16%     52.81% |          17      2.98%     55.79% |          17      2.98%     58.77% |          17      2.98%     61.75% |          19      3.33%     65.09% |          19      3.33%     68.42% |          25      4.39%     72.81% |          17      2.98%     75.79% |          16      2.81%     78.60% |          13      2.28%     80.88% |          14      2.46%     83.33% |          14      2.46%     85.79% |          15      2.63%     88.42% |          12      2.11%     90.53% |          17      2.98%     93.51% |          15      2.63%     96.14% |          22      3.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          570                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         393      3.12%      3.12% |         394      3.12%      6.24% |         337      2.67%      8.91% |         403      3.20%     12.11% |         405      3.21%     15.32% |         403      3.20%     18.52% |         402      3.19%     21.71% |         401      3.18%     24.89% |         402      3.19%     28.08% |         401      3.18%     31.26% |         301      2.39%     33.64% |         404      3.20%     36.85% |         403      3.20%     40.04% |         405      3.21%     43.25% |         405      3.21%     46.47% |         401      3.18%     49.65% |         402      3.19%     52.84% |         398      3.16%     55.99% |         400      3.17%     59.16% |         397      3.15%     62.31% |         396      3.14%     65.45% |         399      3.16%     68.62% |         394      3.12%     71.74% |         395      3.13%     74.88% |         393      3.12%     77.99% |         394      3.12%     81.12% |         396      3.14%     84.26% |         396      3.14%     87.40% |         398      3.16%     90.55% |         397      3.15%     93.70% |         398      3.16%     96.86% |         396      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        12609                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.26%      3.26% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.26% |         430      3.01%     12.26% |         442      3.09%     15.35% |         438      3.06%     18.41% |         438      3.06%     21.48% |         442      3.09%     24.57% |         446      3.12%     27.68% |         454      3.17%     30.86% |         449      3.14%     34.00% |         455      3.18%     37.18% |         473      3.31%     40.49% |         473      3.31%     43.79% |         476      3.33%     47.12% |         464      3.24%     50.36% |         467      3.26%     53.63% |         454      3.17%     56.80% |         449      3.14%     59.94% |         425      2.97%     62.91% |         418      2.92%     65.83% |         440      3.08%     68.91% |         431      3.01%     71.92% |         430      3.01%     74.93% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.38% |         472      3.30%     84.68% |         440      3.08%     87.76% |         438      3.06%     90.82% |         437      3.06%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     32.65%     32.65% |           1      0.51%     33.16% |           0      0.00%     33.16% |           0      0.00%     33.16% |           2      1.02%     34.18% |           3      1.53%     35.71% |           1      0.51%     36.22% |           2      1.02%     37.24% |         107     54.59%     91.84% |           1      0.51%     92.35% |           2      1.02%     93.37% |           2      1.02%     94.39% |           2      1.02%     95.41% |           2      1.02%     96.43% |           2      1.02%     97.45% |           1      0.51%     97.96% |           1      0.51%     98.47% |           1      0.51%     98.98% |           1      0.51%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           1      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          58      2.69%      2.69% |          58      2.69%      5.38% |          66      3.06%      8.45% |          60      2.78%     11.23% |          64      2.97%     14.20% |          58      2.69%     16.89% |          73      3.39%     20.28% |          68      3.16%     23.43% |          64      2.97%     26.40% |          69      3.20%     29.61% |          61      2.83%     32.44% |          69      3.20%     35.64% |          80      3.71%     39.35% |          68      3.16%     42.51% |          63      2.92%     45.43% |          78      3.62%     49.05% |          72      3.34%     52.39% |          76      3.53%     55.92% |          65      3.02%     58.93% |          71      3.29%     62.23% |          63      2.92%     65.15% |          82      3.81%     68.96% |          70      3.25%     72.20% |          71      3.29%     75.50% |          78      3.62%     79.12% |          66      3.06%     82.18% |          72      3.34%     85.52% |          65      3.02%     88.54% |          54      2.51%     91.04% |          67      3.11%     94.15% |          63      2.92%     97.08% |          63      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         2155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5226      4.16%      4.16% |        3960      3.15%      7.31% |        4005      3.19%     10.50% |        3921      3.12%     13.62% |        3906      3.11%     16.72% |        3909      3.11%     19.83% |        3895      3.10%     22.93% |        3894      3.10%     26.03% |        3908      3.11%     29.14% |        3931      3.13%     32.27% |        3957      3.15%     35.42% |        3861      3.07%     38.49% |        3871      3.08%     41.57% |        3905      3.11%     44.68% |        3906      3.11%     47.79% |        3854      3.07%     50.85% |        3892      3.10%     53.95% |        3860      3.07%     57.02% |        3875      3.08%     60.11% |        3877      3.09%     63.19% |        3886      3.09%     66.28% |        3877      3.09%     69.37% |        3881      3.09%     72.46% |        3834      3.05%     75.51% |        3853      3.07%     78.57% |        3884      3.09%     81.66% |        3841      3.06%     84.72% |        3832      3.05%     87.77% |        3862      3.07%     90.84% |        3828      3.05%     93.89% |        3822      3.04%     96.93% |        3859      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       125672                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         468      3.19%      3.19% |         432      2.94%      6.13% |         445      3.03%      9.16% |         433      2.95%     12.11% |         447      3.04%     15.15% |         438      2.98%     18.13% |         453      3.08%     21.21% |         452      3.08%     24.29% |         453      3.08%     27.38% |         470      3.20%     30.58% |         467      3.18%     33.76% |         466      3.17%     36.93% |         497      3.38%     40.31% |         485      3.30%     43.61% |         482      3.28%     46.90% |         486      3.31%     50.20% |         485      3.30%     53.51% |         476      3.24%     56.75% |         456      3.10%     59.85% |         443      3.02%     62.87% |         427      2.91%     65.77% |         471      3.21%     68.98% |         443      3.02%     72.00% |         443      3.02%     75.01% |         477      3.25%     78.26% |         472      3.21%     81.47% |         486      3.31%     84.78% |         451      3.07%     87.85% |         443      3.02%     90.87% |         449      3.06%     93.93% |         456      3.10%     97.03% |         436      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        14688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5158      3.11%     25.01% |        5180      3.13%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5187      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.01% |        5181      3.13%     53.14% |        5182      3.13%     56.26% |        5183      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.52% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5198      3.14%     68.78% |        5173      3.12%     71.90% |        5170      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.27% |        5183      3.13%     84.40% |        5171      3.12%     87.52% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5173      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165734                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          66      3.59%      3.59% |          44      2.39%      5.98% |          48      2.61%      8.59% |          61      3.32%     11.91% |          45      2.45%     14.36% |          54      2.94%     17.29% |          50      2.72%     20.01% |          55      2.99%     23.00% |          50      2.72%     25.72% |          55      2.99%     28.71% |          63      3.43%     32.14% |          62      3.37%     35.51% |          54      2.94%     38.44% |          47      2.56%     41.00% |          68      3.70%     44.70% |          49      2.66%     47.36% |          49      2.66%     50.03% |          52      2.83%     52.85% |          63      3.43%     56.28% |          77      4.19%     60.47% |          62      3.37%     63.84% |          60      3.26%     67.10% |          55      2.99%     70.09% |          70      3.81%     73.90% |          68      3.70%     77.60% |          58      3.15%     80.75% |          59      3.21%     83.96% |          56      3.05%     87.00% |          64      3.48%     90.48% |          64      3.48%     93.96% |          50      2.72%     96.68% |          61      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         1839                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |          64      1.98%      1.98% |          72      2.23%      4.21% |          83      2.57%      6.78% |         100      3.10%      9.88% |          99      3.07%     12.95% |          78      2.42%     15.37% |          76      2.35%     17.72% |          83      2.57%     20.29% |          86      2.66%     22.96% |          81      2.51%     25.46% |          70      2.17%     27.63% |         115      3.56%     31.20% |          99      3.07%     34.26% |         123      3.81%     38.07% |         105      3.25%     41.33% |          92      2.85%     44.18% |          98      3.04%     47.21% |         111      3.44%     50.65% |         141      4.37%     55.02% |         125      3.87%     58.89% |         125      3.87%     62.76% |          96      2.97%     65.74% |         111      3.44%     69.18% |         133      4.12%     73.30% |         138      4.28%     77.57% |         113      3.50%     81.07% |         135      4.18%     85.25% |         131      4.06%     89.31% |          76      2.35%     91.67% |         100      3.10%     94.76% |          77      2.39%     97.15% |          92      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3228                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         127      2.65%      2.65% |         110      2.29%      4.94% |         119      2.48%      7.42% |         137      2.86%     10.28% |         126      2.63%     12.90% |         114      2.38%     15.28% |         144      3.00%     18.28% |         135      2.81%     21.10% |         159      3.31%     24.41% |         123      2.56%     26.98% |         134      2.79%     29.77% |         145      3.02%     32.79% |         172      3.59%     36.38% |         171      3.56%     39.94% |         166      3.46%     43.40% |         141      2.94%     46.34% |         137      2.86%     49.20% |         145      3.02%     52.22% |         174      3.63%     55.85% |         170      3.54%     59.39% |         168      3.50%     62.89% |         157      3.27%     66.17% |         181      3.77%     69.94% |         196      4.09%     74.03% |         172      3.59%     77.61% |         189      3.94%     81.55% |         187      3.90%     85.45% |         231      4.82%     90.26% |         116      2.42%     92.68% |         119      2.48%     95.16% |         109      2.27%     97.44% |         123      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         4797                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7312      3.16%      3.16% |        7187      3.10%      6.26% |        7279      3.14%      9.41% |        7226      3.12%     12.53% |        7340      3.17%     15.70% |        7163      3.09%     18.79% |        7237      3.13%     21.92% |        7240      3.13%     25.04% |        7316      3.16%     28.20% |        7183      3.10%     31.31% |        7177      3.10%     34.41% |        7264      3.14%     37.54% |        7388      3.19%     40.73% |        7133      3.08%     43.82% |        7168      3.10%     46.91% |        7192      3.11%     50.02% |        7423      3.21%     53.22% |        7218      3.12%     56.34% |        7186      3.10%     59.45% |        7120      3.08%     62.52% |        7412      3.20%     65.72% |        7226      3.12%     68.84% |        7149      3.09%     71.93% |        7146      3.09%     75.02% |        7321      3.16%     78.18% |        7228      3.12%     81.30% |        7189      3.11%     84.41% |        7118      3.07%     87.48% |        7340      3.17%     90.65% |        7264      3.14%     93.79% |        7254      3.13%     96.92% |        7127      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       231526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         137      2.49%      2.49% |         151      2.74%      5.22% |         157      2.85%      8.07% |         166      3.01%     11.08% |         136      2.47%     13.55% |         173      3.14%     16.69% |         162      2.94%     19.63% |         164      2.98%     22.61% |         145      2.63%     25.24% |         143      2.59%     27.83% |         153      2.78%     30.61% |         179      3.25%     33.85% |         183      3.32%     37.17% |         170      3.08%     40.26% |         164      2.98%     43.23% |         165      2.99%     46.23% |         163      2.96%     49.18% |         182      3.30%     52.49% |         192      3.48%     55.97% |         202      3.66%     59.63% |         209      3.79%     63.43% |         178      3.23%     66.65% |         161      2.92%     69.58% |         178      3.23%     72.80% |         182      3.30%     76.11% |         208      3.77%     79.88% |         222      4.03%     83.91% |         206      3.74%     87.65% |         162      2.94%     90.58% |         184      3.34%     93.92% |         166      3.01%     96.93% |         169      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         5512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |          93      2.41%      2.41% |          98      2.54%      4.96% |         105      2.73%      7.68% |         104      2.70%     10.38% |          93      2.41%     12.80% |         102      2.65%     15.45% |         108      2.80%     18.25% |         101      2.62%     20.87% |         112      2.91%     23.78% |          95      2.47%     26.25% |         101      2.62%     28.87% |         157      4.08%     32.94% |         127      3.30%     36.24% |         129      3.35%     39.59% |         125      3.25%     42.83% |         115      2.99%     45.82% |         126      3.27%     49.09% |         118      3.06%     52.15% |         136      3.53%     55.69% |         153      3.97%     59.66% |         147      3.82%     63.47% |         117      3.04%     66.51% |         129      3.35%     69.86% |         136      3.53%     73.39% |         146      3.79%     77.18% |         152      3.95%     81.13% |         156      4.05%     85.18% |         141      3.66%     88.84% |          98      2.54%     91.38% |         117      3.04%     94.42% |          95      2.47%     96.88% |         120      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         3852                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51652      6.89%      6.89% |       23470      3.13%     10.02% |       22065      2.94%     12.96% |       23040      3.07%     16.04% |       22451      2.99%     19.03% |       21949      2.93%     21.96% |       21510      2.87%     24.83% |       21508      2.87%     27.70% |       21953      2.93%     30.63% |       22350      2.98%     33.61% |       24090      3.21%     36.82% |       24322      3.24%     40.06% |       22608      3.02%     43.08% |       22102      2.95%     46.03% |       21292      2.84%     48.87% |       21654      2.89%     51.76% |       22741      3.03%     54.79% |       22091      2.95%     57.74% |       22455      3.00%     60.73% |       22536      3.01%     63.74% |       22297      2.97%     66.71% |       24554      3.28%     69.99% |       22033      2.94%     72.93% |       21770      2.90%     75.83% |       22393      2.99%     78.82% |       22545      3.01%     81.82% |       22095      2.95%     84.77% |       22112      2.95%     87.72% |       22194      2.96%     90.68% |       21732      2.90%     93.58% |       22860      3.05%     96.63% |       25281      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       749705                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          67      2.36%      2.36% |          62      2.18%      4.54% |          70      2.46%      7.00% |          73      2.57%      9.56% |          68      2.39%     11.95% |          92      3.23%     15.19% |          65      2.29%     17.48% |          76      2.67%     20.15% |          74      2.60%     22.75% |          82      2.88%     25.63% |          87      3.06%     28.69% |          99      3.48%     32.17% |          89      3.13%     35.30% |          83      2.92%     38.22% |         108      3.80%     42.02% |          82      2.88%     44.90% |          96      3.38%     48.28% |          75      2.64%     50.91% |         104      3.66%     54.57% |         128      4.50%     59.07% |          95      3.34%     62.41% |          80      2.81%     65.23% |          89      3.13%     68.35% |         127      4.47%     72.82% |         114      4.01%     76.83% |         106      3.73%     80.56% |         125      4.40%     84.95% |         127      4.47%     89.42% |          71      2.50%     91.91% |          75      2.64%     94.55% |          67      2.36%     96.91% |          88      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         2844                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          41      2.24%      2.24% |          54      2.94%      5.18% |          45      2.45%      7.63% |          42      2.29%      9.92% |          46      2.51%     12.43% |          56      3.05%     15.49% |          48      2.62%     18.10% |          41      2.24%     20.34% |          47      2.56%     22.90% |          57      3.11%     26.01% |          61      3.33%     29.33% |          69      3.76%     33.10% |          63      3.44%     36.53% |          59      3.22%     39.75% |          67      3.65%     43.40% |          52      2.84%     46.24% |          62      3.38%     49.62% |          67      3.65%     53.27% |          60      3.27%     56.54% |          59      3.22%     59.76% |          57      3.11%     62.87% |          63      3.44%     66.30% |          51      2.78%     69.08% |          69      3.76%     72.85% |          65      3.54%     76.39% |          85      4.63%     81.03% |          62      3.38%     84.41% |          79      4.31%     88.71% |          41      2.24%     90.95% |          63      3.44%     94.38% |          56      3.05%     97.44% |          47      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1834                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |           9      2.31%      2.31% |          12      3.08%      5.40% |          12      3.08%      8.48% |          12      3.08%     11.57% |          14      3.60%     15.17% |           6      1.54%     16.71% |          12      3.08%     19.79% |          13      3.34%     23.14% |          13      3.34%     26.48% |           9      2.31%     28.79% |          10      2.57%     31.36% |          11      2.83%     34.19% |          19      4.88%     39.07% |           9      2.31%     41.39% |          10      2.57%     43.96% |          16      4.11%     48.07% |          10      2.57%     50.64% |          13      3.34%     53.98% |           8      2.06%     56.04% |          16      4.11%     60.15% |          12      3.08%     63.24% |          15      3.86%     67.10% |           8      2.06%     69.15% |          15      3.86%     73.01% |          20      5.14%     78.15% |          11      2.83%     80.98% |          13      3.34%     84.32% |          15      3.86%     88.17% |          15      3.86%     92.03% |           9      2.31%     94.34% |          12      3.08%     97.43% |          10      2.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          389                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6635      3.22%      3.22% |        6497      3.16%      6.38% |        6469      3.14%      9.53% |        6407      3.11%     12.64% |        6599      3.21%     15.85% |        6349      3.09%     18.93% |        6388      3.10%     22.03% |        6380      3.10%     25.14% |        6457      3.14%     28.27% |        6358      3.09%     31.36% |        6390      3.11%     34.47% |        6438      3.13%     37.60% |        6604      3.21%     40.81% |        6302      3.06%     43.87% |        6397      3.11%     46.98% |        6468      3.14%     50.12% |        6604      3.21%     53.33% |        6360      3.09%     56.42% |        6354      3.09%     59.51% |        6305      3.06%     62.57% |        6599      3.21%     65.78% |        6415      3.12%     68.90% |        6374      3.10%     71.99% |        6364      3.09%     75.09% |        6432      3.13%     78.21% |        6470      3.14%     81.36% |        6361      3.09%     84.45% |        6302      3.06%     87.51% |        6571      3.19%     90.70% |        6414      3.12%     93.82% |        6485      3.15%     96.97% |        6235      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       205783                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         638      3.24%      3.24% |         622      3.16%      6.40% |         616      3.13%      9.53% |         623      3.16%     12.69% |         635      3.22%     15.92% |         624      3.17%     19.08% |         607      3.08%     22.17% |         611      3.10%     25.27% |         624      3.17%     28.44% |         620      3.15%     31.59% |         618      3.14%     34.72% |         601      3.05%     37.78% |         605      3.07%     40.85% |         612      3.11%     43.96% |         621      3.15%     47.11% |         604      3.07%     50.18% |         614      3.12%     53.30% |         610      3.10%     56.39% |         617      3.13%     59.53% |         601      3.05%     62.58% |         616      3.13%     65.71% |         606      3.08%     68.78% |         615      3.12%     71.91% |         609      3.09%     75.00% |         591      3.00%     78.00% |         615      3.12%     81.12% |         618      3.14%     84.26% |         609      3.09%     87.36% |         635      3.22%     90.58% |         604      3.07%     93.65% |         627      3.18%     96.83% |         624      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        19692                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          37      0.64%      0.64% |          65      1.13%      1.77% |         183      3.18%      4.95% |         193      3.36%      8.31% |         101      1.76%     10.07% |         189      3.29%     13.35% |         230      4.00%     17.35% |         243      4.22%     21.58% |         231      4.02%     25.59% |         195      3.39%     28.98% |         170      2.96%     31.94% |         216      3.76%     35.69% |         157      2.73%     38.42% |         212      3.69%     42.11% |         145      2.52%     44.63% |         103      1.79%     46.42% |         193      3.36%     49.77% |         231      4.02%     53.79% |         199      3.46%     57.25% |         199      3.46%     60.71% |         192      3.34%     64.05% |         181      3.15%     67.19% |         148      2.57%     69.77% |         160      2.78%     72.55% |         277      4.82%     77.36% |         135      2.35%     79.71% |         195      3.39%     83.10% |         200      3.48%     86.58% |         135      2.35%     88.93% |         237      4.12%     93.05% |         137      2.38%     95.43% |         263      4.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         5752                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      9.09%     27.27% |           1      9.09%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      9.09%     63.64% |           1      9.09%     72.73% |           1      9.09%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          36      0.67%      0.67% |          57      1.06%      1.73% |         174      3.24%      4.97% |         175      3.26%      8.23% |          97      1.81%     10.03% |         175      3.26%     13.29% |         220      4.10%     17.39% |         227      4.23%     21.61% |         211      3.93%     25.54% |         191      3.56%     29.10% |         160      2.98%     32.07% |         198      3.69%     35.76% |         148      2.76%     38.51% |         195      3.63%     42.14% |         137      2.55%     44.69% |          97      1.81%     46.50% |         180      3.35%     49.85% |         213      3.97%     53.82% |         184      3.43%     57.24% |         183      3.41%     60.65% |         182      3.39%     64.04% |         174      3.24%     67.27% |         135      2.51%     69.79% |         146      2.72%     72.51% |         258      4.80%     77.31% |         124      2.31%     79.62% |         185      3.44%     83.06% |         181      3.37%     86.43% |         126      2.35%     88.78% |         221      4.11%     92.89% |         131      2.44%     95.33% |         251      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         5372                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1      0.26%      0.26% |           8      2.11%      2.37% |           9      2.37%      4.74% |          18      4.74%      9.47% |           4      1.05%     10.53% |          14      3.68%     14.21% |          10      2.63%     16.84% |          16      4.21%     21.05% |          20      5.26%     26.32% |           4      1.05%     27.37% |          10      2.63%     30.00% |          18      4.74%     34.74% |           9      2.37%     37.11% |          17      4.47%     41.58% |           8      2.11%     43.68% |           6      1.58%     45.26% |          13      3.42%     48.68% |          18      4.74%     53.42% |          15      3.95%     57.37% |          16      4.21%     61.58% |          10      2.63%     64.21% |           7      1.84%     66.05% |          13      3.42%     69.47% |          14      3.68%     73.16% |          19      5.00%     78.16% |          11      2.89%     81.05% |          10      2.63%     83.68% |          19      5.00%     88.68% |           9      2.37%     91.05% |          16      4.21%     95.26% |           6      1.58%     96.84% |          12      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          380                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          34      3.72%      3.72% |          19      2.08%      5.79% |          28      3.06%      8.85% |          29      3.17%     12.02% |          35      3.83%     15.85% |          18      1.97%     17.81% |          27      2.95%     20.77% |          29      3.17%     23.93% |          27      2.95%     26.89% |          33      3.61%     30.49% |          30      3.28%     33.77% |          19      2.08%     35.85% |          28      3.06%     38.91% |          40      4.37%     43.28% |          30      3.28%     46.56% |          36      3.93%     50.49% |          27      2.95%     53.44% |          24      2.62%     56.07% |          30      3.28%     59.34% |          22      2.40%     61.75% |          31      3.39%     65.14% |          29      3.17%     68.31% |          31      3.39%     71.69% |          30      3.28%     74.97% |          37      4.04%     79.02% |          28      3.06%     82.08% |          19      2.08%     84.15% |          23      2.51%     86.67% |          37      4.04%     90.71% |          24      2.62%     93.33% |          29      3.17%     96.50% |          32      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total          915                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          11      2.15%      2.15% |          11      2.15%      4.30% |          15      2.93%      7.23% |          10      1.95%      9.18% |          17      3.32%     12.50% |          18      3.52%     16.02% |           9      1.76%     17.77% |          12      2.34%     20.12% |          21      4.10%     24.22% |          13      2.54%     26.76% |          17      3.32%     30.08% |          18      3.52%     33.59% |          18      3.52%     37.11% |          18      3.52%     40.62% |          21      4.10%     44.73% |          19      3.71%     48.44% |          17      3.32%     51.76% |          11      2.15%     53.91% |          16      3.12%     57.03% |          15      2.93%     59.96% |          21      4.10%     64.06% |          11      2.15%     66.21% |          11      2.15%     68.36% |          23      4.49%     72.85% |          23      4.49%     77.34% |          13      2.54%     79.88% |          22      4.30%     84.18% |          22      4.30%     88.48% |          13      2.54%     91.02% |          22      4.30%     95.31% |          13      2.54%     97.85% |          11      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |           9      3.20%      3.20% |          10      3.56%      6.76% |          13      4.63%     11.39% |           8      2.85%     14.23% |           9      3.20%     17.44% |          11      3.91%     21.35% |           5      1.78%     23.13% |           7      2.49%     25.62% |           6      2.14%     27.76% |          11      3.91%     31.67% |          11      3.91%     35.59% |           8      2.85%     38.43% |          10      3.56%     41.99% |           7      2.49%     44.48% |           9      3.20%     47.69% |          13      4.63%     52.31% |           9      3.20%     55.52% |           4      1.42%     56.94% |          10      3.56%     60.50% |           9      3.20%     63.70% |           8      2.85%     66.55% |          11      3.91%     70.46% |          11      3.91%     74.38% |           8      2.85%     77.22% |           5      1.78%     79.00% |          10      3.56%     82.56% |          10      3.56%     86.12% |           5      1.78%     87.90% |           5      1.78%     89.68% |          12      4.27%     93.95% |          12      4.27%     98.22% |           5      1.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          281                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7273      3.23%      3.23% |        7119      3.16%      6.38% |        7085      3.14%      9.53% |        7030      3.12%     12.64% |        7234      3.21%     15.85% |        6973      3.09%     18.94% |        6995      3.10%     22.05% |        6991      3.10%     25.15% |        7081      3.14%     28.29% |        6978      3.09%     31.38% |        7008      3.11%     34.49% |        7039      3.12%     37.61% |        7209      3.20%     40.81% |        6914      3.07%     43.88% |        7018      3.11%     46.99% |        7072      3.14%     50.12% |        7218      3.20%     53.33% |        6970      3.09%     56.42% |        6971      3.09%     59.51% |        6906      3.06%     62.57% |        7215      3.20%     65.77% |        7021      3.11%     68.89% |        6989      3.10%     71.99% |        6973      3.09%     75.08% |        7023      3.11%     78.19% |        7085      3.14%     81.33% |        6979      3.10%     84.43% |        6911      3.07%     87.50% |        7206      3.20%     90.69% |        7018      3.11%     93.80% |        7112      3.15%     96.96% |        6859      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       225475                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      314917     18.02%     18.02% |      873690     50.00%     68.02% |       70094      4.01%     72.03% |       75090      4.30%     76.33% |       69818      4.00%     80.33% |       74970      4.29%     84.62% |       69845      4.00%     88.61% |       74844      4.28%     92.90% |       59095      3.38%     96.28% |       65017      3.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1747380                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      314917     18.02%     18.02% |      873690     50.00%     68.02% |       70094      4.01%     72.03% |       75090      4.30%     76.33% |       69818      4.00%     80.33% |       74970      4.29%     84.62% |       69845      4.00%     88.61% |       74844      4.28%     92.90% |       59095      3.38%     96.28% |       65017      3.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1747380                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      314917     18.02%     18.02% |      873690     50.00%     68.02% |       70094      4.01%     72.03% |       75090      4.30%     76.33% |       69818      4.00%     80.33% |       74970      4.29%     84.62% |       69845      4.00%     88.61% |       74844      4.28%     92.90% |       59095      3.38%     96.28% |       65017      3.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1747380                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      314917     18.02%     18.02% |      873690     50.00%     68.02% |       70094      4.01%     72.03% |       75090      4.30%     76.33% |       69818      4.00%     80.33% |       74970      4.29%     84.62% |       69845      4.00%     88.61% |       74844      4.28%     92.90% |       59095      3.38%     96.28% |       65017      3.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1747380                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
