
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038834                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38833861000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5215001939500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  97542                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   171742                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              208352247                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3272156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   186.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    18180486                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      32010214                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    120739166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            120739166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73702278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73702278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    194441444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           194441444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4687936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2862016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4688768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      420                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2361                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38833348500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  45800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   4414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   7730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   7987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   8162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   8208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   8292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        32395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   233.029542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.176760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.235910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12651     39.05%     39.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7210     22.26%     61.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8049     24.85%     86.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1073      3.31%     89.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          757      2.34%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          579      1.79%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          451      1.39%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          431      1.33%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1194      3.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        32395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.194225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.013331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7958     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         7965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.614438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.387189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.204538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7447     93.50%     93.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           162      2.03%     95.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          101      1.27%     96.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          255      3.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         7965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3355779277                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             4729198027                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    45813.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               64563.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      120.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   120.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56172                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  29392                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    329143.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10429582000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1296620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    27104344500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              126577080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              118283760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               69064875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               64539750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             289933800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281244600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146791440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142955280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        14180907735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13807777185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        10858780500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11186088000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28208244150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          28137077295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.449508                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.616741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117533716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            117533716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70727554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            70727554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    188261270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           188261270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4563200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4564288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      343                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2265                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38833096500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  44974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   3902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   7424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   7625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   7759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   7875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   8005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        28558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.930527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.920474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.684248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9301     32.57%     32.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6622     23.19%     55.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7968     27.90%     83.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1189      4.16%     87.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          843      2.95%     90.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          541      1.89%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          473      1.66%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          451      1.58%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1170      4.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        28558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.325438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.428401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7634     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7642                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.615415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.383132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.228907                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7124     93.22%     93.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           166      2.17%     95.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          109      1.43%     96.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          243      3.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7642                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3043340377                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             4380215377                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    42683.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               61433.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      117.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       70.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   117.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    70.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55791                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29860                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    339946.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10618009000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1296620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    26915673500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              112870800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              103020120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               61586250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               56211375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             282750000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273265200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141212160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136864080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        14048695665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13370715720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10974756000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11569475250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28158059595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          28045740465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.157100                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.264535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    117594694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            117594694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     70767107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            70767107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    188361801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           188361801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71354                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71354                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4565696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2747968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4566656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      358                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2205                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38833336000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71354                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  45097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   3949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   7436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   7621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   7760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   7918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   8003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        28623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.501380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.105958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.321890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9313     32.54%     32.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6574     22.97%     55.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8136     28.42%     83.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1155      4.04%     87.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          810      2.83%     90.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          594      2.08%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          441      1.54%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          422      1.47%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1178      4.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        28623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7660                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.308877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.476920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7655     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7660                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.605352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.374948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.220863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7150     93.34%     93.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           158      2.06%     95.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          107      1.40%     96.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          245      3.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3005551429                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4343157679                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    42130.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               60880.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      117.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       70.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   117.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    70.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55750                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29900                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    339767.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10523352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1296620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27010433000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              113158080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              103216680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               61743000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               56318625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             283132200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273218400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141192720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137039040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14091948405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13445661600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10936815000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11503733250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28164178125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          28055376315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.314671                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.512688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    117128297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            117128297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70650096                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            70650096                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    187778393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           187778393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4548160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4548608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      495                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2482                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38833118500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  44605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   3475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   7379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   7563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   7694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   7832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   7947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        28099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   259.471156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.945755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   242.948186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8915     31.73%     31.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6499     23.13%     54.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8072     28.73%     83.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1159      4.12%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          773      2.75%     90.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          579      2.06%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          466      1.66%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          442      1.57%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1194      4.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        28099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7622                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.323668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.599261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7616     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7622                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.624459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.388028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.251311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7090     93.03%     93.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           184      2.41%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           82      1.08%     96.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          265      3.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3194672561                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             4527141311                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    44954.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               63704.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      117.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       70.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   117.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    70.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55703                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30123                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    340817.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10542448250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1296620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    26991594750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              110640600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              101772720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               60369375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               55530750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             281463000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272719200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140868720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136890000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13904351145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13295168775                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11101374000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11635744500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          28135255560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          28034014665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.569826                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.962560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              432148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3307067                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 26.868340                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.495699                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                15.268123                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3249833     98.27%     98.27% |       47951      1.45%     99.72% |        8728      0.26%     99.98% |         551      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3307067                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     11974532                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.961455                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.704435                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.219164                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     4940875     41.26%     41.26% |     6070824     50.70%     91.96% |      807838      6.75%     98.71% |       92619      0.77%     99.48% |       24865      0.21%     99.69% |       15346      0.13%     99.81% |       12735      0.11%     99.92% |        7700      0.06%     99.99% |        1301      0.01%    100.00% |         429      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      11974532                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            11974529                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              11.920955                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.636034                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             58.860720                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    11945470     99.76%     99.76% |       20659      0.17%     99.93% |        7075      0.06%     99.99% |        1190      0.01%    100.00% |         131      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              11974529                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        11352577                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000449                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000387                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.021178                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11347486     99.96%     99.96% |        5090      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          11352577                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         621952                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        174.748217                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       121.301229                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       196.822150                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      592893     95.33%     95.33% |       20659      3.32%     98.65% |        7075      1.14%     99.79% |        1190      0.19%     99.98% |         131      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           621952                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          79010                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        79010                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           15                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           21                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7926048                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378815                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8304863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3376889                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3498091                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       107892                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18760                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55080                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1416529                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43359                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         1585                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         1594                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6713                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23128                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         1791                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5821                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20101                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         1509                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6409                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15708                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22117                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         1698                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6439                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         1718                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6067                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14875                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20942                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         1620                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6195                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15251                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21446                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         1646                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52859                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        14386                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67245                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10377                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19337                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17591                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8620                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        12513                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17899                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19473                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8260                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16377                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19469                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7913                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15957                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7641                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16548                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         3951                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      5933599                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      5933599                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6023604                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5933599                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2605502                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2599223                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      5933599                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.076397                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2171221                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2171221                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2208233                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2171221                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1178143                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1164085                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2171221                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.027955                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1541590                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1541590                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1570919                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1541590                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity       610482                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity       603382                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1541590                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.019849                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1201670                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1201670                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1228785                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1201670                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       504356                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       501946                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1201670                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.015472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1721283                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1721283                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1750369                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1721283                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       888130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       875407                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1721283                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.022162                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1697568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1697568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1725044                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1697568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       858673                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       853236                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1697568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.021857                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2212486                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2212486                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2252880                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2212486                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       807463                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       802210                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2212486                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028487                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1240499                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1240499                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1270177                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1240499                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       511311                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       509351                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1240499                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.015972                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       788118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       788118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       804282                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       788118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       365553                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       357286                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       788118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010147                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1130975                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1130975                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1151101                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1130975                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       570818                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       562439                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1130975                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.014562                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       750993                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       750993                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       758833                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       750993                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       313196                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       312993                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       750993                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.009669                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       660515                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       660515                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       663596                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       660515                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       262445                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       262287                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       660515                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008504                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       990917                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       990917                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity       995360                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity       990917                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       475309                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       475093                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       990917                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.012758                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       700566                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       700566                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       704225                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       700566                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       286173                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       285954                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       700566                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.009020                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       413121                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       413121                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       415435                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       413121                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       161411                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       161313                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       413121                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.005319                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       615446                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       615446                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       619017                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       615446                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       242810                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       242682                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       615446                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.007924                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1024958                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1024958                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1036174                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1024958                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       369575                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       369310                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1024958                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013197                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       688433                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       688433                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       695175                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       688433                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259804                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       259605                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       688433                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.008864                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       649943                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       649943                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       656670                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       649943                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258947                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258675                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       649943                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.008368                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       403485                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       403485                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       405598                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       403485                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       159291                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       159117                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       403485                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.005195                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       386555                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       386555                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       387142                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       386555                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       189897                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       189887                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       386555                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.004977                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       520980                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       520980                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       521785                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       520980                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       260682                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       260600                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       520980                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.006708                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       409652                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       409652                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       410446                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       409652                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       189086                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       189048                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       409652                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.005274                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       262121                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       262121                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262121                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262121                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       262121                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003375                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       330988                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       330988                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       331462                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       330988                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       138006                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       137988                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       330988                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004262                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       472341                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       472341                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       473034                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       472341                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       231269                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       231205                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       472341                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.006082                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       388975                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       388975                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       389787                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       388975                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       173265                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       173251                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       388975                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.005008                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       261829                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       261829                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       261829                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       261829                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       261829                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003371                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1426382                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1426382                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1471705                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1426382                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       596122                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       594902                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1426382                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.018365                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1399577                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1399577                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1427253                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1399577                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       565712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       564809                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1399577                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018020                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1450856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1450856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1487308                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1450856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       585217                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       584272                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1450856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.018680                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1487513                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1487513                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1524200                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1487513                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       610760                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       609453                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1487513                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.019152                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2672762     28.39%     28.39% |     6214004     66.00%     94.38% |      529015      5.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9415781                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2672762     28.39%     28.39% |     6214004     66.00%     94.38% |      529015      5.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9415781                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    77244113                       |   146570952                       |    11220752                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |     9727758                       |    29165200                       |      529054                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   28.900483                       |   23.587199                       |   21.210650                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.639590                       |    4.693463                       |    1.000074                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    24.961904                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.186802                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.148706                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001871                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.041155      7.14%      7.14% |    0.040518      7.03%     14.17% |    0.041007      7.12%     21.29% |    0.040419      7.02%     28.31% |    0.094458     16.39%     44.70% |    0.095806     16.63%     61.33% |    0.094348     16.37%     77.70% |    0.095752     16.62%     94.32% |    0.008178      1.42%     95.74% |    0.008184      1.42%     97.16% |    0.008182      1.42%     98.58% |    0.008178      1.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.576184                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.014217                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028837                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000758                       |    0.000759                       |    0.000843                       |    0.000733                       |    0.000808                       |    0.000815                       |    0.000762                       |    0.000782                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005539                       |    0.001896                       |    0.001665                       |    0.001824                       |    0.001712                       |    0.001719                       |    0.001643                       |    0.001663                       |    0.001692                       |    0.001766                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001772                       |    0.001752                       |    0.001631                       |    0.001657                       |    0.001828                       |    0.001710                       |    0.001715                       |    0.001768                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001739                       |    0.001733                       |    0.001757                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001912                       |    0.001865                       |    0.002038                       |    0.002161                       |    0.005637                       |    0.005483                       |    0.005486                       |    0.005464                       |    0.000309                       |           0                       |    0.000415                       |    0.001445                       |    0.000124                       |    0.000123                       |    0.000136                       |    0.000126                       |    0.000133                       |    0.000133                       |    0.000126                       |    0.000129                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001718                       |    0.000313                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002111                       |    0.000835                       |    0.001147                       |    0.001595                       |    0.000126                       |    0.001722                       |    0.004386                       |    0.001171                       |           0                       |    0.001813                       |    0.003862                       |           0                       |    0.003619                       |    0.007363                       |    0.001708                       |    0.001140                       |    0.001570                       |    0.000124                       |    0.003382                       |    0.002820                       |    0.010814                       |    0.001139                       |    0.001711                       |    0.000123                       |    0.007456                       |    0.002831                       |    0.002211                       |           0                       |    0.001705                       |    0.003718                       |           0                       |    0.007317                       |    0.003169                       |    0.002110                       |           0                       |    0.001725                       |           0                       |    0.003674                       |    0.001570                       |    0.001535                       |           0                       |    0.001664                       |           0                       |    0.001757                       |    0.000840                       |           0                       |    0.001796                       |           0                       |    0.001144                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001851                       |    0.001176                       |    0.001587                       |    0.000129                       |    0.001838                       |    0.003710                       |    0.004286                       |    0.001835                       |    0.001266                       |    0.001605                       |    0.000136                       |    0.003047                       |    0.007586                       |    0.005981                       |    0.002541                       |    0.037215                       |    0.004615                       |    0.000415                       |    0.002483                       |    0.012285                       |    0.015986                       |    0.003397                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001764                       |    0.001445                       |    0.002629                       |    0.006821                       |    0.012147                       |    0.003148                       |    0.001101                       |    0.001586                       |    0.000126                       |    0.004167                       |    0.004846                       |    0.006971                       |    0.003059                       |           0                       |    0.001635                       |           0                       |    0.001661                       |    0.003501                       |    0.003421                       |    0.002541                       |           0                       |    0.001630                       |           0                       |    0.000934                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001790                       |           0                       |    0.001647                       |           0                       |    0.000246                       |    0.001739                       |    0.001642                       |           0                       |    0.001736                       |           0                       |    0.001211                       |    0.001685                       |    0.003508                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.001888                       |    0.003721                       |           0                       |    0.001190                       |    0.003629                       |    0.006705                       |    0.001548                       |    0.001212                       |    0.001539                       |    0.000133                       |    0.017991                       |    0.003413                       |    0.002257                       |    0.001942                       |    0.001222                       |    0.001588                       |    0.000133                       |    0.001569                       |    0.007374                       |    0.002506                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.001906                       |    0.003710                       |           0                       |    0.001522                       |    0.007369                       |    0.003042                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.001624                       |           0                       |    0.000752                       |    0.003437                       |    0.001534                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |    0.001613                       |           0                       |    0.000092                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001618                       |           0                       |    0.001642                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001733                       |           0                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.000561                       |           0                       |    0.003227                       |           0                       |    0.001548                       |           0                       |    0.001695                       |    0.000425                       |    0.004256                       |           0                       |    0.001942                       |           0                       |    0.008426                       |    0.001491                       |    0.001337                       |           0                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.000587                       |    0.005170                       |    0.001529                       |           0                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.002526                       |    0.004239                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003521                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001618                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001753                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.576184                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4074481                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4074481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2665097                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2109051                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     79.135994                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          278972                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8737770                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48175                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4995325                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44410                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8785945                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5039735                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13733095                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92585                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13825680                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3505006                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3514449                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3505006                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3514449                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 74134468                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13416000                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               24125496                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4074481                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2388023                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              56005969                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          580956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       246410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       310902                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3504353                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     70567884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.622728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         62489777     88.55%     88.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1017234      1.44%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           642741      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           737130      1.04%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           604222      0.86%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           676834      0.96%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           608916      0.86%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           352289      0.50%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3438741      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     70567884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.054961                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.325429                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8397472                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      55745184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4131856                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2002887                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       41345999                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9281746                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30355761                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5782222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5174277                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      19683393                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       40320409                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1453371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     46565352                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      97727535                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     61088502                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      36693551                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9871793                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          13708249                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4449735                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5200871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       398083                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       252010                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           39296407                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       193161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          41590363                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168661                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7261167                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11761156                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54470                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     70567884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.589367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     54787510     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      5753822      8.15%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3024257      4.29%     90.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2684277      3.80%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1906608      2.70%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1053051      1.49%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861500      1.22%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300363      0.43%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196496      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     70567884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92702     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631279     79.09%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74150      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174126      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      27397839     65.88%     66.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.13%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8872726     21.33%     87.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5068612     12.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       41590363                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.561012                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798131                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.019190                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    154715347                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     46757631                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36111249                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       42214340                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       566331                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133138                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2519                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431682                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5120649                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4287748                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24798450                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     39489568                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4449735                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5200871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       184298                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          77534                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      41180256                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8729095                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13730132                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2998136                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5001037                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.555481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               36177784                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              36111269                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          20526462                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          33199849                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.487105                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.618270                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7447088                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       138691                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69401684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.461231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57581091     82.97%     82.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4202072      6.05%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3521829      5.07%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1415042      2.04%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       785195      1.13%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       248980      0.36%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355253      0.51%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335619      0.48%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       956603      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69401684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     18180485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       32010211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                8085783                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3316594                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2664929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          31725948                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       205297                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81999      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     23768134     74.25%     74.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     74.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.16%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3316594     10.36%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4769189     14.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     32010211                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        956603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            107840237                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            80084971                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82761                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3566584                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            18180485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              32010211                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.077695                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.077695                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.245237                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.245237                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         63349090                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        27874849                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15357779                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13110740                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        20296694                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean                513046000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            513046000.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-3.35544e+07               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1604149                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.036815                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.337160                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       19.285527                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1549263     96.58%     96.58% |       45645      2.85%     99.42% |        8687      0.54%     99.97% |         550      0.03%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1604149                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1673950                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.889819                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.781024                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.711531                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1214414     72.55%     72.55% |      457188     27.31%     99.86% |        2035      0.12%     99.98% |         271      0.02%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1673950                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         28968                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.116784                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       19.950773                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        6.863749                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         458      1.58%      1.58% |        5480     18.92%     20.50% |       13503     46.61%     67.11% |        6279     21.68%     88.79% |        3198     11.04%     99.83% |          48      0.17%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           28968                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3547131                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.274050                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.989295                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          93.122665                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3522395     99.30%     99.30% |       16703      0.47%     99.77% |        6765      0.19%     99.96% |        1142      0.03%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3547131                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3280437                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000931                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000804                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.030503                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3277382     99.91%     99.91% |        3055      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3280437                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       266694                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     219.439567                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    132.416974                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    268.356669                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      241958     90.72%     90.72% |       16703      6.26%     96.99% |        6765      2.54%     99.52% |        1142      0.43%     99.95% |         122      0.05%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        266694                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4791629                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           11.019451                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.597596                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          43.705347                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4769526     99.54%     99.54% |       18000      0.38%     99.91% |        3053      0.06%     99.98% |         684      0.01%     99.99% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4791629                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4567293                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000426                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000368                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020653                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4565347     99.96%     99.96% |        1945      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4567293                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224336                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     174.280071                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    144.905969                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    113.296862                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      202233     90.15%     90.15% |       18000      8.02%     98.17% |        3053      1.36%     99.53% |         684      0.30%     99.84% |         222      0.10%     99.94% |          88      0.04%     99.98% |          42      0.02%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3498089                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.799220                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.353162                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.956542                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3496001     99.94%     99.94% |        1886      0.05%     99.99% |         185      0.01%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3498089                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3376889                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001088                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3376885    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3376889                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.791378                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.493676                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.819298                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      119112     98.28%     98.28% |        1886      1.56%     99.83% |         185      0.15%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.433061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.784887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.423759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134835     98.87%     98.87% |        1189      0.87%     99.74% |         324      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126609     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.596096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.988000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.595509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     84.06%     84.06% |        1189     12.28%     96.34% |         324      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        10962                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       244248                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        21270                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    18095                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    20184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    17605                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    19342                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    19495                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    18215                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    18764                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   1299                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   1309                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   1392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1391                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   1395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   1348                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     1377                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     1409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     1500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     1246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     1442                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     1458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     1390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     1392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                19455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                19423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                21684                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                18914                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                20734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                20886                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                19610                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                20112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 7997715                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 7939717                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 7952483                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 7813063                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 8066968                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 8473994                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 7637033                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 7882861                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   17856                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   17856                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   19872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   17280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   19008                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   19152                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   18000                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   18432                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   2976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   3312                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   2880                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   3168                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   3192                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3000                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   3072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                15579                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                15517                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                17322                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                15110                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                16588                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                16728                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                15632                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                16110                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               2277                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2339                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2550                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2170                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               2420                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2424                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2368                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2322                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2577                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2578                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2862                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2495                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2754                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2767                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2583                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2654                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               399                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               398                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               450                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               385                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               414                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               425                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               417                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               418                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     124                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     124                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     138                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     132                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     133                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     125                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.task_cycles                907728                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.task_cycles                916075                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.task_cycles                908813                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.task_cycles                910968                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.task_cycles                907795                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.task_cycles                913514                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.task_cycles                907202                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.task_cycles                908867                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_actions                  5952                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_actions                  5952                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_actions                  6624                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_actions                  5760                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_actions                  6336                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_actions                  6384                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_actions                  6000                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_actions                  6144                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                830548                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                843266                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                832077                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                843650                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                840009                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                844593                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                834598                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                839348                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             128960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             128960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             143520                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             124800                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             137280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             138320                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             130000                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             133120                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               531398                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               522268                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               570694                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               514342                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               543413                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               551015                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               569964                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               550630                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           830548                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           843266                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           832077                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           843650                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           840009                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           844593                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           834598                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           839348                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        128960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        128960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        143520                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        124800                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        137280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        138320                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        130000                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        133120                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          502384                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          493566                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          534161                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          486482                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          511501                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          515491                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          534405                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          519213                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             896761                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             905195                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             898298                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             900147                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             897401                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             903056                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             897363                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             898574                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles             11066                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              3892                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              3777                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              8651                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              8288                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             10400                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles             20811                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles             17032                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739636                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          76739446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          76739452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          76739452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          76739460                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          76739457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          76739669                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          76739655                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           424630                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           449994                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           342882                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           436523                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           409453                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles           367713                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           389581                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles           399264                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1299                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1328                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1500                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1309                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1392                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1391                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1395                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2577                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2578                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2862                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2495                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2754                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2767                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2654                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5601                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5516                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              6096                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              5872                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              6053                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              6058                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5918                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38910     25.91%     25.91% |       37094     24.70%     50.61% |       37116     24.72%     75.33% |       37046     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73262     25.53%     25.53% |       71317     24.85%     50.38% |       71354     24.86%     75.24% |       71071     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287004                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44721     25.78%     25.78% |       42916     24.74%     50.53% |       42940     24.76%     75.28% |       42868     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104046                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36885     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104046                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71071     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286979                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36884     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3401445     95.84%     95.84% |          10      0.00%     95.84% |       17869      0.50%     96.35% |       17869      0.50%     96.85% |       19872      0.56%     97.41% |       17280      0.49%     97.90% |       19008      0.54%     98.43% |       19164      0.54%     98.97% |       18000      0.51%     99.48% |       18444      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3548961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3498151    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3498151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4908125     99.51%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |        2918      0.06%     99.57% |        2918      0.06%     99.63% |        3256      0.07%     99.70% |        2821      0.06%     99.75% |        3109      0.06%     99.82% |        3133      0.06%     99.88% |        2942      0.06%     99.94% |        3014      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4932236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13039     59.67%     59.67% |          10      0.05%     59.71% |        1068      4.89%     64.60% |        1066      4.88%     69.48% |        1125      5.15%     74.63% |        1079      4.94%     79.56% |        1136      5.20%     84.76% |        1171      5.36%     90.12% |        1079      4.94%     95.06% |        1080      4.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499123     80.88%     80.88% |           0      0.00%     80.88% |       14299      2.32%     83.20% |       14300      2.32%     85.52% |       15903      2.58%     88.09% |       13768      2.23%     90.32% |       15196      2.46%     92.79% |       15367      2.49%     95.28% |       14365      2.33%     97.61% |       14777      2.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       617098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         122     12.00%     12.00% |         123     12.09%     24.09% |         136     13.37%     37.46% |         119     11.70%     49.16% |         132     12.98%     62.14% |         132     12.98%     75.12% |         125     12.29%     87.41% |         128     12.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |         730     11.97%     12.05% |         740     12.14%     24.19% |         813     13.33%     37.52% |         710     11.64%     49.16% |         792     12.99%     62.15% |         796     13.05%     75.20% |         745     12.22%     87.42% |         767     12.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         6098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161483     62.13%     62.13% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       11931      4.59%     66.73% |       11929      4.59%     71.32% |       13252      5.10%     76.42% |       11519      4.43%     80.85% |       12672      4.88%     85.72% |       12790      4.92%     90.65% |       12002      4.62%     95.26% |       12308      4.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         733     12.02%     12.10% |         738     12.10%     24.20% |         813     13.33%     37.54% |         715     11.73%     49.26% |         792     12.99%     62.25% |         794     13.02%     75.27% |         742     12.17%     87.44% |         766     12.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         6098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338514     95.10%     95.10% |           0      0.00%     95.10% |        2112      0.59%     95.70% |        2109      0.59%     96.29% |        2350      0.66%     96.95% |        2046      0.57%     97.52% |        2244      0.63%     98.15% |        2262      0.64%     98.79% |        2131      0.60%     99.39% |        2177      0.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       355945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377362     78.27%     78.27% |           0      0.00%     78.27% |       12706      2.64%     80.90% |       12686      2.63%     83.53% |       14164      2.94%     86.47% |       12232      2.54%     89.01% |       13509      2.80%     91.81% |       13609      2.82%     94.63% |       12774      2.65%     97.28% |       13106      2.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       482148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      162001     60.78%     60.78% |          10      0.00%     60.79% |       12668      4.75%     65.54% |       12668      4.75%     70.29% |       14070      5.28%     75.57% |       12240      4.59%     80.16% |       13464      5.05%     85.21% |       13585      5.10%     90.31% |       12750      4.78%     95.09% |       13075      4.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       266531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216629     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2108      0.90%     93.46% |        2108      0.90%     94.36% |        2345      1.00%     95.37% |        2040      0.87%     96.24% |        2244      0.96%     97.20% |        2261      0.97%     98.16% |        2125      0.91%     99.07% |        2176      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       234036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002     55.68%     55.68% |           0      0.00%     55.68% |        1068      5.41%     61.09% |        1066      5.40%     66.48% |        1122      5.68%     72.16% |        1064      5.39%     77.55% |        1136      5.75%     83.30% |        1141      5.77%     89.07% |        1079      5.46%     94.53% |        1080      5.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         163    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         607    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         383     26.95%     26.95% |           0      0.00%     26.95% |         119      8.37%     35.33% |         119      8.37%     43.70% |         136      9.57%     53.27% |         131      9.22%     62.49% |         128      9.01%     71.50% |         159     11.19%     82.69% |         121      8.52%     91.20% |         125      8.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3376889    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3376889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1362     99.63%     99.63% |           5      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458     90.94%     90.94% |           0      0.00%     90.94% |        1439      1.09%     92.02% |        1459      1.10%     93.12% |        1603      1.21%     94.33% |        1405      1.06%     95.39% |        1559      1.18%     96.57% |        1566      1.18%     97.75% |        1468      1.11%     98.86% |        1508      1.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1701144     97.54%     97.54% |           0      0.00%     97.54% |        5188      0.30%     97.84% |        5188      0.30%     98.13% |        5802      0.33%     98.47% |        5040      0.29%     98.75% |        5544      0.32%     99.07% |        5567      0.32%     99.39% |        5250      0.30%     99.69% |        5357      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1744080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26143    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         476     90.49%     90.49% |           5      0.95%     91.44% |           0      0.00%     91.44% |           0      0.00%     91.44% |           0      0.00%     91.44% |          15      2.85%     94.30% |           0      0.00%     94.30% |          30      5.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134780     60.21%     60.21% |           0      0.00%     60.21% |       10798      4.82%     65.03% |       10778      4.81%     69.84% |       12021      5.37%     75.21% |       10389      4.64%     79.85% |       11475      5.13%     84.98% |       11559      5.16%     90.14% |       10898      4.87%     95.01% |       11167      4.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       223865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         728     11.96%     11.96% |         740     12.16%     24.12% |         811     13.32%     37.44% |         710     11.66%     49.10% |         792     13.01%     62.12% |         796     13.08%     75.19% |         744     12.22%     87.42% |         766     12.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1525796    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1525796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4662404     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |         810      0.02%     99.87% |         810      0.02%     99.89% |         911      0.02%     99.91% |         781      0.02%     99.93% |         865      0.02%     99.95% |         872      0.02%     99.96% |         817      0.02%     99.98% |         838      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4669108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199     98.51%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |           3      1.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242582     93.92%     93.92% |           0      0.00%     93.92% |        1908      0.74%     94.66% |        1908      0.74%     95.40% |        2143      0.83%     96.23% |        1843      0.71%     96.94% |        2034      0.79%     97.73% |        2050      0.79%     98.52% |        1876      0.73%     99.25% |        1939      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       258283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         122     12.00%     12.00% |         123     12.09%     24.09% |         136     13.37%     37.46% |         119     11.70%     49.16% |         132     12.98%     62.14% |         132     12.98%     75.12% |         125     12.29%     87.41% |         128     12.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     86.35%     86.35% |           0      0.00%     86.35% |          35      3.32%     89.67% |          36      3.41%     93.08% |           0      0.00%     93.08% |           0      0.00%     93.08% |           0      0.00%     93.08% |          33      3.13%     96.21% |           2      0.19%     96.40% |          38      3.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161483     62.13%     62.13% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       11931      4.59%     66.73% |       11929      4.59%     71.32% |       13252      5.10%     76.42% |       11519      4.43%     80.85% |       12672      4.88%     85.72% |       12790      4.92%     90.65% |       12002      4.62%     95.26% |       12308      4.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         733     12.02%     12.10% |         738     12.10%     24.20% |         813     13.33%     37.54% |         715     11.73%     49.26% |         792     12.99%     62.25% |         794     13.02%     75.27% |         742     12.17%     87.44% |         766     12.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         6098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121881     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           4      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       121905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216633     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2108      0.90%     93.46% |        2108      0.90%     94.36% |        2345      1.00%     95.37% |        2040      0.87%     96.24% |        2244      0.96%     97.20% |        2261      0.97%     98.16% |        2125      0.91%     99.07% |        2176      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       234040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     97.27%     97.27% |           0      0.00%     97.27% |          13      0.71%     97.98% |          13      0.71%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |          12      0.66%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |          12      0.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377362     78.27%     78.27% |           0      0.00%     78.27% |       12704      2.63%     80.90% |       12686      2.63%     83.53% |       14162      2.94%     86.47% |       12232      2.54%     89.01% |       13509      2.80%     91.81% |       13609      2.82%     94.63% |       12773      2.65%     97.28% |       13105      2.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       482142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3742      3.09%      3.09% |        3665      3.02%      6.11% |        3399      2.80%      8.91% |        3426      2.83%     11.74% |        3476      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3696      3.05%     20.94% |        3241      2.67%     23.62% |        3449      2.85%     26.46% |        4983      4.11%     30.57% |        3814      3.15%     33.72% |        3726      3.07%     36.79% |        3457      2.85%     39.64% |        4231      3.49%     43.14% |        3787      3.12%     46.26% |        3679      3.04%     49.29% |        4083      3.37%     52.66% |        4070      3.36%     56.02% |        3569      2.94%     58.97% |        3273      2.70%     61.67% |        2997      2.47%     64.14% |        3582      2.96%     67.09% |        3429      2.83%     69.92% |        3307      2.73%     72.65% |        3551      2.93%     75.58% |        3610      2.98%     78.56% |        3123      2.58%     81.13% |        4574      3.77%     84.91% |        3904      3.22%     88.13% |        5095      4.20%     92.33% |        4947      4.08%     96.41% |        4347      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       47051     17.64%     17.64% |        7805      2.93%     20.57% |        6459      2.42%     22.99% |        7341      2.75%     25.74% |        6720      2.52%     28.26% |        6505      2.44%     30.70% |        6110      2.29%     32.99% |        6267      2.35%     35.34% |        6549      2.46%     37.80% |        6587      2.47%     40.27% |        8657      3.25%     43.51% |        9133      3.42%     46.94% |        7706      2.89%     49.83% |        6417      2.41%     52.23% |        5930      2.22%     54.46% |        6307      2.36%     56.82% |       10307      3.86%     60.69% |        6553      2.46%     63.14% |        6863      2.57%     65.72% |        6962      2.61%     68.33% |        7220      2.71%     71.03% |        7629      2.86%     73.89% |        6632      2.49%     76.38% |        6613      2.48%     78.86% |        6568      2.46%     81.32% |        6505      2.44%     83.76% |        6315      2.37%     86.13% |        5999      2.25%     88.38% |        7135      2.68%     91.05% |        6419      2.41%     93.46% |        7236      2.71%     96.17% |       10205      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       266705                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       16455      7.03%      7.03% |        7764      3.32%     10.35% |        6297      2.69%     13.04% |        7488      3.20%     16.24% |        6630      2.83%     19.07% |        6564      2.80%     21.88% |        6154      2.63%     24.50% |        6641      2.84%     27.34% |        6550      2.80%     30.14% |        6171      2.64%     32.78% |        6867      2.93%     35.71% |        6636      2.84%     38.55% |        6428      2.75%     41.29% |        6805      2.91%     44.20% |        6091      2.60%     46.80% |        6162      2.63%     49.44% |        6749      2.88%     52.32% |        6259      2.67%     54.99% |        6425      2.75%     57.74% |        7279      3.11%     60.85% |        7682      3.28%     64.13% |        8267      3.53%     67.66% |        7093      3.03%     70.69% |        7145      3.05%     73.75% |        7274      3.11%     76.85% |        6898      2.95%     79.80% |        6938      2.96%     82.77% |        6964      2.98%     85.74% |        8431      3.60%     89.34% |        7567      3.23%     92.58% |        9124      3.90%     96.48% |        8249      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       234047                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       56793     11.78%     11.78% |       15388      3.19%     14.97% |       12596      2.61%     17.58% |       14650      3.04%     20.62% |       13180      2.73%     23.36% |       12563      2.61%     25.96% |       12092      2.51%     28.47% |       12752      2.64%     31.11% |       12948      2.69%     33.80% |       12610      2.62%     36.41% |       15359      3.19%     39.60% |       15614      3.24%     42.84% |       13985      2.90%     45.74% |       13067      2.71%     48.45% |       11854      2.46%     50.91% |       12308      2.55%     53.46% |       10365      2.15%     55.61% |       12653      2.62%     58.23% |       13086      2.71%     60.95% |       14073      2.92%     63.87% |       14748      3.06%     66.93% |       15720      3.26%     70.19% |       13566      2.81%     73.00% |       13602      2.82%     75.82% |       13684      2.84%     78.66% |       13246      2.75%     81.41% |       13098      2.72%     84.12% |       12807      2.66%     86.78% |       15411      3.20%     89.98% |       13833      2.87%     92.84% |       16206      3.36%     96.21% |       18295      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       482152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6368      4.26%      4.26% |        4608      3.09%      7.35% |        4629      3.10%     10.45% |        4611      3.09%     13.54% |        4596      3.08%     16.61% |        4608      3.09%     19.70% |        4611      3.09%     22.79% |        4598      3.08%     25.87% |        4613      3.09%     28.95% |        4619      3.09%     32.05% |        4618      3.09%     35.14% |        4612      3.09%     38.23% |        4596      3.08%     41.31% |        4606      3.08%     44.39% |        4600      3.08%     47.47% |        4600      3.08%     50.55% |        4634      3.10%     53.65% |        4614      3.09%     56.74% |        4630      3.10%     59.84% |        4620      3.09%     62.94% |        4612      3.09%     66.02% |        4632      3.10%     69.13% |        4616      3.09%     72.22% |        4613      3.09%     75.31% |        4627      3.10%     78.40% |        4625      3.10%     81.50% |        4619      3.09%     84.59% |        4609      3.09%     87.68% |        4612      3.09%     90.77% |        4596      3.08%     93.85% |        4598      3.08%     96.92% |        4593      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       149343                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3365      3.23%      3.23% |        3272      3.14%      6.37% |        3301      3.17%      9.54% |        3267      3.14%     12.68% |        3273      3.14%     15.82% |        3238      3.11%     18.93% |        3246      3.12%     22.04% |        3246      3.12%     25.16% |        3250      3.12%     28.28% |        3285      3.15%     31.43% |        3298      3.17%     34.60% |        3262      3.13%     37.73% |        3277      3.15%     40.88% |        3273      3.14%     44.02% |        3274      3.14%     47.16% |        3246      3.12%     50.28% |        3256      3.13%     53.41% |        3245      3.12%     56.52% |        3245      3.12%     59.64% |        3213      3.08%     62.72% |        3234      3.10%     65.83% |        3217      3.09%     68.92% |        3234      3.10%     72.02% |        3209      3.08%     75.10% |        3255      3.12%     78.23% |        3285      3.15%     81.38% |        3271      3.14%     84.52% |        3213      3.08%     87.60% |        3251      3.12%     90.73% |        3240      3.11%     93.84% |        3213      3.08%     96.92% |        3207      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       104161                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10843      3.78%      3.78% |        8925      3.11%      6.89% |        8974      3.13%     10.02% |        8923      3.11%     13.12% |        8913      3.11%     16.23% |        8891      3.10%     19.33% |        8901      3.10%     22.43% |        8888      3.10%     25.53% |        8907      3.10%     28.63% |        8948      3.12%     31.75% |        8960      3.12%     34.87% |        8918      3.11%     37.98% |        8917      3.11%     41.09% |        8923      3.11%     44.20% |        8918      3.11%     47.30% |        8890      3.10%     50.40% |        8934      3.11%     53.51% |        8903      3.10%     56.62% |        8918      3.11%     59.72% |        8877      3.09%     62.82% |        8890      3.10%     65.91% |        8893      3.10%     69.01% |        8894      3.10%     72.11% |        8866      3.09%     75.20% |        8926      3.11%     78.31% |        8954      3.12%     81.43% |        8934      3.11%     84.55% |        8865      3.09%     87.63% |        8907      3.10%     90.74% |        8880      3.09%     93.83% |        8855      3.09%     96.92% |        8844      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          52     25.12%     25.12% |           3      1.45%     26.57% |           6      2.90%     29.47% |           5      2.42%     31.88% |           4      1.93%     33.82% |           4      1.93%     35.75% |           3      1.45%     37.20% |           7      3.38%     40.58% |           5      2.42%     43.00% |           6      2.90%     45.89% |           6      2.90%     48.79% |           4      1.93%     50.72% |           6      2.90%     53.62% |           5      2.42%     56.04% |           5      2.42%     58.45% |           3      1.45%     59.90% |           3      1.45%     61.35% |           4      1.93%     63.29% |           8      3.86%     67.15% |           5      2.42%     69.57% |           3      1.45%     71.01% |           7      3.38%     74.40% |           9      4.35%     78.74% |           4      1.93%     80.68% |           5      2.42%     83.09% |           4      1.93%     85.02% |           6      2.90%     87.92% |           6      2.90%     90.82% |           6      2.90%     93.72% |           4      1.93%     95.65% |           6      2.90%     98.55% |           3      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        3025     49.65%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |        3068     50.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         6093                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2185     49.85%     49.85% |           1      0.02%     49.87% |           1      0.02%     49.90% |           1      0.02%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           1      0.02%     49.94% |           0      0.00%     49.94% |           0      0.00%     49.94% |           1      0.02%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |        2193     50.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4383                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2601     15.06%     15.06% |         375      2.17%     17.23% |         388      2.25%     19.48% |         387      2.24%     21.72% |         394      2.28%     24.00% |         384      2.22%     26.23% |         397      2.30%     28.53% |         397      2.30%     30.83% |         384      2.22%     33.05% |         394      2.28%     35.33% |         424      2.46%     37.79% |         420      2.43%     40.22% |         424      2.46%     42.67% |         423      2.45%     45.12% |         427      2.47%     47.60% |         426      2.47%     50.06% |        2624     15.20%     65.26% |         409      2.37%     67.63% |         404      2.34%     69.97% |         386      2.24%     72.20% |         384      2.22%     74.43% |         392      2.27%     76.70% |         388      2.25%     78.94% |         388      2.25%     81.19% |         416      2.41%     83.60% |         427      2.47%     86.07% |         431      2.50%     88.57% |         396      2.29%     90.86% |         397      2.30%     93.16% |         397      2.30%     95.46% |         394      2.28%     97.74% |         390      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17268                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        3025     49.61%     49.61% |           1      0.02%     49.62% |           1      0.02%     49.64% |           1      0.02%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           1      0.02%     49.67% |           0      0.00%     49.67% |           0      0.00%     49.67% |           1      0.02%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |        3068     50.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         6098                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60418     12.23%     12.23% |       15544      3.15%     15.38% |       12750      2.58%     17.96% |       14804      3.00%     20.96% |       13335      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12241      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13096      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15511      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14131      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       12003      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.38% |       13975      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13238      2.68%     61.48% |       14226      2.88%     64.36% |       14902      3.02%     67.37% |       15879      3.21%     70.59% |       13721      2.78%     73.37% |       13755      2.78%     76.15% |       13837      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13252      2.68%     84.35% |       12960      2.62%     86.97% |       15564      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493949                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.15% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.36% |         373      3.02%     27.38% |         383      3.10%     30.48% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.33%     40.38% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         413      3.34%     53.60% |         390      3.16%     56.76% |         389      3.15%     59.91% |         370      2.99%     62.90% |         364      2.95%     65.85% |         370      2.99%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.33%     84.62% |         380      3.08%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3808      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.28% |        3800      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4723      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2584     15.45%     15.45% |         358      2.14%     17.60% |         373      2.23%     19.83% |         372      2.22%     22.05% |         379      2.27%     24.32% |         368      2.20%     26.52% |         379      2.27%     28.79% |         385      2.30%     31.09% |         370      2.21%     33.30% |         381      2.28%     35.58% |         408      2.44%     38.02% |         406      2.43%     40.45% |         412      2.46%     42.91% |         408      2.44%     45.35% |         410      2.45%     47.81% |         403      2.41%     50.22% |        2604     15.57%     65.79% |         389      2.33%     68.12% |         387      2.31%     70.43% |         367      2.19%     72.63% |         362      2.17%     74.79% |         370      2.21%     77.00% |         371      2.22%     79.22% |         367      2.19%     81.42% |         396      2.37%     83.79% |         407      2.43%     86.22% |         413      2.47%     88.69% |         377      2.25%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16720                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38235     28.14%     28.14% |        3910      2.88%     31.02% |        2559      1.88%     32.90% |        3477      2.56%     35.46% |        2874      2.12%     37.57% |        2338      1.72%     39.30% |        2275      1.67%     40.97% |        2453      1.81%     42.78% |        2722      2.00%     44.78% |        2732      2.01%     46.79% |        4787      3.52%     50.31% |        5325      3.92%     54.23% |        3898      2.87%     57.10% |        2597      1.91%     59.01% |        2100      1.55%     60.56% |        2513      1.85%     62.41% |        3423      2.52%     64.93% |        2743      2.02%     66.94% |        2988      2.20%     69.14% |        3145      2.31%     71.46% |        3403      2.50%     73.96% |        3814      2.81%     76.77% |        2804      2.06%     78.83% |        2818      2.07%     80.91% |        2752      2.03%     82.93% |        2662      1.96%     84.89% |        2507      1.85%     86.74% |        2212      1.63%     88.36% |        3310      2.44%     90.80% |        2620      1.93%     92.73% |        3466      2.55%     95.28% |        6414      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135876                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11239     13.64%     13.64% |        3061      3.71%     17.36% |        1589      1.93%     19.28% |        2771      3.36%     22.65% |        1926      2.34%     24.98% |        1853      2.25%     27.23% |        1444      1.75%     28.99% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.58% |        1460      1.77%     35.35% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.41% |        2102      2.55%     44.96% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1521      1.85%     50.27% |        1549      1.88%     52.15% |        1709      2.07%     54.23% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.96% |        3541      4.30%     65.25% |        2392      2.90%     68.16% |        2437      2.96%     71.11% |        2553      3.10%     74.21% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.56% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.37%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82397                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6357      4.26%      4.26% |        4599      3.08%      7.34% |        4620      3.10%     10.44% |        4603      3.08%     13.52% |        4589      3.08%     16.60% |        4600      3.08%     19.68% |        4605      3.09%     22.77% |        4596      3.08%     25.85% |        4612      3.09%     28.94% |        4618      3.09%     32.03% |        4614      3.09%     35.12% |        4611      3.09%     38.21% |        4595      3.08%     41.29% |        4604      3.09%     44.38% |        4599      3.08%     47.46% |        4599      3.08%     50.54% |        4632      3.10%     53.65% |        4614      3.09%     56.74% |        4627      3.10%     59.84% |        4619      3.10%     62.94% |        4611      3.09%     66.03% |        4626      3.10%     69.13% |        4614      3.09%     72.22% |        4611      3.09%     75.31% |        4624      3.10%     78.41% |        4624      3.10%     81.51% |        4617      3.09%     84.60% |        4606      3.09%     87.69% |        4609      3.09%     90.78% |        4589      3.08%     93.85% |        4590      3.08%     96.93% |        4585      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       149219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         775      0.89%      0.89% |        2904      3.34%      4.24% |        2917      3.36%      7.59% |        2884      3.32%     10.91% |        2882      3.32%     14.23% |        2858      3.29%     17.52% |        2853      3.28%     20.81% |        2844      3.27%     24.08% |        2862      3.29%     27.37% |        2887      3.32%     30.70% |        2872      3.31%     34.00% |        2839      3.27%     37.27% |        2848      3.28%     40.55% |        2847      3.28%     43.83% |        2843      3.27%     47.10% |        2818      3.24%     50.34% |         631      0.73%     51.07% |        2832      3.26%     54.33% |        2836      3.26%     57.60% |        2823      3.25%     60.85% |        2848      3.28%     64.12% |        2824      3.25%     67.38% |        2839      3.27%     70.64% |        2819      3.25%     73.89% |        2837      3.27%     77.15% |        2855      3.29%     80.44% |        2836      3.26%     83.71% |        2814      3.24%     86.95% |        2851      3.28%     90.23% |        2846      3.28%     93.50% |        2821      3.25%     96.75% |        2822      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        86867                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        3025     49.61%     49.61% |           1      0.02%     49.62% |           1      0.02%     49.64% |           1      0.02%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           1      0.02%     49.67% |           0      0.00%     49.67% |           0      0.00%     49.67% |           1      0.02%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |        3068     50.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         6098                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         507     49.85%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |         510     50.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1017                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       56785     11.78%     11.78% |       15388      3.19%     14.97% |       12596      2.61%     17.58% |       14650      3.04%     20.62% |       13180      2.73%     23.35% |       12563      2.61%     25.96% |       12092      2.51%     28.47% |       12752      2.64%     31.11% |       12948      2.69%     33.80% |       12610      2.62%     36.41% |       15359      3.19%     39.60% |       15614      3.24%     42.84% |       13985      2.90%     45.74% |       13067      2.71%     48.45% |       11854      2.46%     50.91% |       12308      2.55%     53.46% |       10363      2.15%     55.61% |       12653      2.62%     58.23% |       13086      2.71%     60.95% |       14073      2.92%     63.87% |       14748      3.06%     66.93% |       15720      3.26%     70.19% |       13566      2.81%     73.00% |       13602      2.82%     75.82% |       13684      2.84%     78.66% |       13246      2.75%     81.41% |       13098      2.72%     84.12% |       12807      2.66%     86.78% |       15411      3.20%     89.98% |       13833      2.87%     92.84% |       16206      3.36%     96.21% |       18295      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       482142                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.80%      9.80% |           7      6.86%     16.67% |           6      5.88%     22.55% |           6      5.88%     28.43% |           7      6.86%     35.29% |           6      5.88%     41.18% |           3      2.94%     44.12% |           2      1.96%     46.08% |           1      0.98%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           1      0.98%     51.96% |           1      0.98%     52.94% |           2      1.96%     54.90% |           0      0.00%     54.90% |           1      0.98%     55.88% |           2      1.96%     57.84% |           0      0.00%     57.84% |           2      1.96%     59.80% |           1      0.98%     60.78% |           1      0.98%     61.76% |           5      4.90%     66.67% |           2      1.96%     68.63% |           1      0.98%     69.61% |           2      1.96%     71.57% |           1      0.98%     72.55% |           2      1.96%     74.51% |           2      1.96%     76.47% |           3      2.94%     79.41% |           7      6.86%     86.27% |           8      7.84%     94.12% |           6      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           6      1.05%      1.05% |          10      1.74%      2.79% |          11      1.92%      4.70% |          11      1.92%      6.62% |          12      2.09%      8.71% |          12      2.09%     10.80% |          14      2.44%     13.24% |          17      2.96%     16.20% |          18      3.14%     19.34% |          17      2.96%     22.30% |          18      3.14%     25.44% |          17      2.96%     28.40% |          17      2.96%     31.36% |          18      3.14%     34.49% |          21      3.66%     38.15% |          25      4.36%     42.51% |          21      3.66%     46.17% |          24      4.18%     50.35% |          22      3.83%     54.18% |          23      4.01%     58.19% |          24      4.18%     62.37% |          23      4.01%     66.38% |          24      4.18%     70.56% |          23      4.01%     74.56% |          22      3.83%     78.40% |          23      4.01%     82.40% |          22      3.83%     86.24% |          22      3.83%     90.07% |          21      3.66%     93.73% |          15      2.61%     96.34% |          10      1.74%     98.08% |          11      1.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          574                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     33.33%     33.33% |           3     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     58.62%     58.62% |           1      1.15%     59.77% |           1      1.15%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           0      0.00%     63.22% |           1      1.15%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           2      2.30%     66.67% |           1      1.15%     67.82% |           1      1.15%     68.97% |           2      2.30%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           1      1.15%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           2      2.30%     74.71% |           1      1.15%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           3      3.45%     79.31% |           2      2.30%     81.61% |           1      1.15%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           1      1.15%     86.21% |           2      2.30%     88.51% |           2      2.30%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           2      2.30%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.42%     16.42% |           6      8.96%     25.37% |           5      7.46%     32.84% |           6      8.96%     41.79% |           7     10.45%     52.24% |           4      5.97%     58.21% |           3      4.48%     62.69% |           1      1.49%     64.18% |           1      1.49%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           2      2.99%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           1      1.49%     70.15% |           1      1.49%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           1      1.49%     73.13% |           2      2.99%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           5      7.46%     83.58% |           6      8.96%     92.54% |           5      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      0.87%      0.87% |           1      0.87%      1.74% |           4      3.48%      5.22% |           4      3.48%      8.70% |           4      3.48%     12.17% |           2      1.74%     13.91% |           2      1.74%     15.65% |           6      5.22%     20.87% |           5      4.35%     25.22% |           5      4.35%     29.57% |           4      3.48%     33.04% |           3      2.61%     35.65% |           5      4.35%     40.00% |           3      2.61%     42.61% |           5      4.35%     46.96% |           3      2.61%     49.57% |           2      1.74%     51.30% |           4      3.48%     54.78% |           6      5.22%     60.00% |           4      3.48%     63.48% |           3      2.61%     66.09% |           4      3.48%     69.57% |           7      6.09%     75.65% |           3      2.61%     78.26% |           3      2.61%     80.87% |           3      2.61%     83.48% |           4      3.48%     86.96% |           4      3.48%     90.43% |           3      2.61%     93.04% |           2      1.74%     94.78% |           4      3.48%     98.26% |           2      1.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           5      1.09%      1.09% |           9      1.96%      3.05% |           7      1.53%      4.58% |           7      1.53%      6.10% |           8      1.74%      7.84% |          10      2.18%     10.02% |          12      2.61%     12.64% |          11      2.40%     15.03% |          13      2.83%     17.86% |          12      2.61%     20.48% |          14      3.05%     23.53% |          14      3.05%     26.58% |          12      2.61%     29.19% |          15      3.27%     32.46% |          16      3.49%     35.95% |          22      4.79%     40.74% |          19      4.14%     44.88% |          20      4.36%     49.24% |          16      3.49%     52.72% |          19      4.14%     56.86% |          21      4.58%     61.44% |          19      4.14%     65.58% |          17      3.70%     69.28% |          20      4.36%     73.64% |          19      4.14%     77.78% |          20      4.36%     82.14% |          18      3.92%     86.06% |          18      3.92%     89.98% |          18      3.92%     93.90% |          13      2.83%     96.73% |           6      1.31%     98.04% |           9      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          459                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2185     49.91%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |        2193     50.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         4378                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2584     15.45%     15.45% |         358      2.14%     17.60% |         373      2.23%     19.83% |         372      2.22%     22.05% |         379      2.27%     24.32% |         368      2.20%     26.52% |         379      2.27%     28.79% |         385      2.30%     31.09% |         370      2.21%     33.30% |         381      2.28%     35.58% |         408      2.44%     38.02% |         406      2.43%     40.45% |         412      2.46%     42.91% |         408      2.44%     45.35% |         410      2.45%     47.81% |         403      2.41%     50.22% |        2604     15.57%     65.79% |         389      2.33%     68.12% |         387      2.31%     70.43% |         367      2.19%     72.63% |         362      2.17%     74.79% |         370      2.21%     77.00% |         371      2.22%     79.22% |         367      2.19%     81.42% |         396      2.37%     83.79% |         407      2.43%     86.22% |         413      2.47%     88.69% |         377      2.25%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16720                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          11     91.67%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5729      4.62%      4.62% |        3870      3.12%      7.74% |        3893      3.14%     10.88% |        3839      3.10%     13.97% |        3831      3.09%     17.06% |        3815      3.08%     20.14% |        3812      3.07%     23.21% |        3808      3.07%     26.28% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.79% |        3808      3.07%     47.86% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3804      3.07%     53.98% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.19% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3800      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.64% |        3806      3.07%     84.71% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       124015                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         409      3.31%      3.31% |         358      2.90%      6.20% |         375      3.03%      9.24% |         371      3.00%     12.24% |         378      3.06%     15.29% |         365      2.95%     18.25% |         379      3.07%     21.31% |         386      3.12%     24.43% |         373      3.02%     27.45% |         383      3.10%     30.55% |         407      3.29%     33.84% |         404      3.27%     37.11% |         412      3.33%     40.44% |         407      3.29%     43.73% |         408      3.30%     47.03% |         405      3.28%     50.31% |         414      3.35%     53.66% |         390      3.15%     56.81% |         388      3.14%     59.95% |         370      2.99%     62.94% |         364      2.94%     65.88% |         370      2.99%     68.88% |         369      2.98%     71.86% |         367      2.97%     74.83% |         395      3.19%     78.02% |         406      3.28%     81.31% |         412      3.33%     84.64% |         379      3.07%     87.71% |         382      3.09%     90.80% |         382      3.09%     93.89% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12364                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4723      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     71.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       60415     12.23%     12.23% |       15538      3.15%     15.38% |       12747      2.58%     17.96% |       14800      3.00%     20.96% |       13335      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12241      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13096      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15511      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14128      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       11999      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.38% |       13974      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13227      2.68%     61.48% |       14224      2.88%     64.36% |       14902      3.02%     67.37% |       15878      3.21%     70.59% |       13721      2.78%     73.37% |       13754      2.78%     76.15% |       13836      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13251      2.68%     84.35% |       12958      2.62%     86.97% |       15563      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        2975     50.81%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |        2880     49.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5855                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          50     21.01%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |         188     78.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          238                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          50     21.01%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |           0      0.00%     21.01% |         188     78.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          238                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        2975     50.77%     50.77% |           1      0.02%     50.78% |           1      0.02%     50.80% |           1      0.02%     50.82% |           0      0.00%     50.82% |           0      0.00%     50.82% |           1      0.02%     50.84% |           0      0.00%     50.84% |           0      0.00%     50.84% |           1      0.02%     50.85% |           0      0.00%     50.85% |           0      0.00%     50.85% |           0      0.00%     50.85% |           0      0.00%     50.85% |           0      0.00%     50.85% |           0      0.00%     50.85% |        2880     49.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         5860                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       32233     14.36%     14.36% |      112267     50.00%     64.36% |        9601      4.28%     68.63% |        9546      4.25%     72.88% |       10596      4.72%     77.60% |        9796      4.36%     81.96% |       10331      4.60%     86.57% |       10349      4.61%     91.18% |        9767      4.35%     95.52% |       10048      4.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       224534                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       32233     14.36%     14.36% |      112267     50.00%     64.36% |        9601      4.28%     68.63% |        9546      4.25%     72.88% |       10596      4.72%     77.60% |        9796      4.36%     81.96% |       10331      4.60%     86.57% |       10349      4.61%     91.18% |        9767      4.35%     95.52% |       10048      4.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       224534                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       32233     14.36%     14.36% |      112267     50.00%     64.36% |        9601      4.28%     68.63% |        9546      4.25%     72.88% |       10596      4.72%     77.60% |        9796      4.36%     81.96% |       10331      4.60%     86.57% |       10349      4.61%     91.18% |        9767      4.35%     95.52% |       10048      4.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       224534                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       32233     14.36%     14.36% |      112267     50.00%     64.36% |        9601      4.28%     68.63% |        9546      4.25%     72.88% |       10596      4.72%     77.60% |        9796      4.36%     81.96% |       10331      4.60%     86.57% |       10349      4.61%     91.18% |        9767      4.35%     95.52% |       10048      4.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       224534                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
