
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056753                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56753179000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5232921257500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30176                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    53513                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               75647417                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3644132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   750.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22639215                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40147046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12634432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12634432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8045888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8045888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    222620692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            222620692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    141769821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           141769821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    364390513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           364390513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197413                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125717                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197413                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125717                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12632832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8045632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12634432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8045888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             8011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    68661                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     6301                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  56752687000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197413                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125717                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  68915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   3070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 72106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  16908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  18496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  19366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  19785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  20213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   8184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   9427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  13338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        84117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   245.800112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.133515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   217.650175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26041     30.96%     30.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21416     25.46%     56.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21944     26.09%     82.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5167      6.14%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3430      4.08%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1919      2.28%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1169      1.39%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          824      0.98%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2207      2.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        84117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.189637                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.013619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17631     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.126991                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.475884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.564175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12671     71.84%     71.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2154     12.21%     84.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1736      9.84%     93.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1078      6.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 32438743531                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            36139768531                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 986940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   164340.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              183090.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      222.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      141.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   222.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   141.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.60                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  154720                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  84250                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    175634.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   73.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11628272000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1894880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43223311750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              320710320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              315055440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              174990750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              171905250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             767254800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             771061200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            406833840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407604960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3706385280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3706385280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22318860150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21799986300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14469922500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14925075000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42164957640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42097073430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          743.041329                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.845057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12407616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12407616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7828416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7828416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122319                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122319                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    218624158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            218624158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137937929                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137937929                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    356562088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           356562088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193869                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122319                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193869                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122319                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12406144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7828160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12407616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7828416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           12003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    63744                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     6101                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  56752409000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193869                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122319                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  67643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  1960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  2091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  2189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  2341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  2541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 67340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  16405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  18074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  18724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  19165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  19593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   8158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   9251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  12949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        77105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   262.387134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.679228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   221.692086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19883     25.79%     25.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20370     26.42%     52.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22062     28.61%     80.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5161      6.69%     87.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3542      4.59%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1822      2.36%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1174      1.52%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          796      1.03%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2295      2.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        77105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.322624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.406704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17113     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        17119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.144985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.490663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.567438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12155     71.00%     71.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2227     13.01%     84.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1684      9.84%     93.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1053      6.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        17119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 31368196591                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            35002809091                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 969230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   161820.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              180570.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      218.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   218.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.58                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  153493                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  85552                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                79.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    179489.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11894772750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1894880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    42956817000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              295278480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              287499240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              161114250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              156869625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             754221000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             756498600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            396148320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396271440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3706385280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3706385280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22094529525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21538927440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14666707500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15154077750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42074384355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          41996529375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.445143                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.073163                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12407744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12407744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7828672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7828672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    218626414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            218626414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137942440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137942440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    356568854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           356568854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193871                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122323                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193871                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122323                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12406400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7828672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12407744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7828672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    60172                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     6031                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  56753041000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193871                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122323                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  67751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  2257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  2510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  2689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  2866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 63820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  16370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  18105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  18801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  19300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  19549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   8191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   9189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  12818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        76952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   262.929618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.817756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.605680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19463     25.29%     25.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20465     26.59%     51.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22320     29.01%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5108      6.64%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3587      4.66%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1815      2.36%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1124      1.46%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          786      1.02%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2284      2.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        76952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.329632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.490955                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17105     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        17110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.149211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.490070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.586983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12160     71.07%     71.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2200     12.86%     83.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1642      9.60%     93.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1108      6.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        17110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 31097985848                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34732673348                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 969250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   160422.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              179172.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      218.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   218.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  153476                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  85734                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                79.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    179488.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11876777500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1894880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    42974810250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              293562360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              287983080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              160177875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              157133625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             754501800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             756225600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            396025200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396388080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3706385280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3706385280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21846318750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21347259525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14884434750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15322206000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42041406015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          41973581190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.864023                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.668797                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12387200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12387200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7826752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7826752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    218264425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            218264425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137908609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137908609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    356173035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           356173035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193550                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122293                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193550                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122293                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12386368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7826624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12387200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7826752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           12006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    53409                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     5788                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  56752138500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193550                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122293                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  67442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  2757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  2838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  2858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  2960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  3148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 57172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  16400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  18119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  18942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  19390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  19759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   8151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   9054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  12478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        76541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   264.046302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   193.186473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.772346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18936     24.74%     24.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20666     27.00%     51.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22375     29.23%     80.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5100      6.66%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3448      4.50%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1765      2.31%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1186      1.55%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          743      0.97%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2322      3.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        76541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.291074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.126217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17134     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        17140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.134831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.480811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.573027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12194     71.14%     71.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2236     13.05%     84.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1619      9.45%     93.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1091      6.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        17140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 30228861507                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            33857680257                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   156191.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              174941.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      218.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   218.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.56                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  153193                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  86084                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                79.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    179684.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11623770500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1894880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43227813250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              292224240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              286259400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              159447750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              156193125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             752489400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             755804400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            395850240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396375120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3706385280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3706385280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21829015260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21112134525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14899611000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15528453750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42035023170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          41941605600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.751592                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          739.105364                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7052281                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 50.463791                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                29.406541                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               102.225910                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6616318     93.82%     93.82% |      160110      2.27%     96.09% |       97542      1.38%     97.47% |       65508      0.93%     98.40% |       46777      0.66%     99.06% |       35014      0.50%     99.56% |       20257      0.29%     99.85% |        9765      0.14%     99.99% |         990      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7052281                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15857158                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.550979                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.692230                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.601103                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14423480     90.96%     90.96% |      913806      5.76%     96.72% |       23926      0.15%     96.87% |       30776      0.19%     97.07% |       40434      0.25%     97.32% |       56379      0.36%     97.68% |       82372      0.52%     98.20% |      116592      0.74%     98.93% |      169393      1.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15857158                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15857157                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              40.172896                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.183062                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            204.061092                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15667229     98.80%     98.80% |      159028      1.00%     99.81% |       27615      0.17%     99.98% |        2993      0.02%    100.00% |         280      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15857157                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14679944                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000355                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000306                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.018855                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14674738     99.96%     99.96% |        5201      0.04%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14679944                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177213                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        503.717578                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       263.805963                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       573.412779                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      987285     83.87%     83.87% |      159028     13.51%     97.38% |       27615      2.35%     99.72% |        2993      0.25%     99.98% |         280      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177213                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         131489                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       131489                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          323                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          290                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          272                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          233                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10946898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509952                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11456850                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3728896                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3852996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       262687                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22384                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       111427                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1528919                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47676                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          516                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67886                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        16494                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67873                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        16392                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          512                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        16642                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        16549                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          532                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67876                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        16544                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68409                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        16495                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        16788                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          510                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67900                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        16750                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27905                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81377                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24283                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36682                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12223                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24297                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36520                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10449                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34692                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9833                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24254                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34087                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10409                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24227                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9232                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9749                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33938                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11339                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10446                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10830                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8760                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24299                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33059                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10997                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35188                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16503                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24174                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34605                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10676                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34899                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10684                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24263                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34426                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11340                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35505                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12458                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36662                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11703                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35945                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15031                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39206                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18380                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42556                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9179                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33379                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33810                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8656                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8774                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32986                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9737                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24233                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33970                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10857                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24277                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9545458                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9545458                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9765462                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9545458                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4167833                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4152774                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9545458                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.084096                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4664699                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4664699                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4865629                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4664699                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2348057                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2333223                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4664699                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.041096                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3836002                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3836002                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4059481                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3836002                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1568054                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1554554                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3836002                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.033795                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3368547                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3368547                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3578995                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3368547                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1420530                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1409943                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3368547                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029677                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4031894                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4031894                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4266771                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4031894                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1952089                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1925538                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4031894                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.035521                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4040478                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4040478                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4272286                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4040478                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1910084                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1896842                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4040478                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.035597                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4703347                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4703347                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4977045                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4703347                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1800439                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1783847                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4703347                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041437                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3432976                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3432976                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3686299                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3432976                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1415784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1399844                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3432976                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.030245                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2348351                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2348351                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2469441                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2348351                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1024778                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1016687                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2348351                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.020689                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2876915                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2876915                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3058871                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2876915                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1342497                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1328543                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2876915                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.025346                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2040545                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2040545                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2119202                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2040545                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       827104                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821841                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2040545                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017977                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1728454                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1728454                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1748293                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1728454                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694990                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694482                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1728454                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015228                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2153955                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2153955                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2183120                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2153955                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       974932                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       974227                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2153955                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.018977                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1805043                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1805043                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1827851                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1805043                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733918                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733343                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1805043                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015903                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1074817                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1074817                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1095284                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1074817                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       416535                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415625                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1074817                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009469                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1581664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1581664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1621480                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1581664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       621313                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1581664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013935                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2110321                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2110321                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2151208                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2110321                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       775833                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       773405                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2110321                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018592                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1672460                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1672460                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1715607                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1672460                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       637834                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       635088                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1672460                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014735                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1632570                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1632570                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1690902                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1632570                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       652299                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       649074                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1632570                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014383                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946142                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946142                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       963824                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946142                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       375052                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374254                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946142                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       919016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       919016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       922490                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       919015                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415293                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415227                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       919015                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008097                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1153403                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1153403                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1158794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153403                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550781                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550423                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1153403                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010162                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       998315                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       998315                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1003950                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       998315                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       440828                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       440755                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       998315                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008795                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       626823                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       626823                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626823                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626823                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258163                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258163                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       626823                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005522                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       865808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       865808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       869377                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       865808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       865808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1079610                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1079610                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1084932                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1079610                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507631                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507258                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1079610                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009511                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       985809                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       985809                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       991376                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985809                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428198                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428105                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       985809                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008685                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632252                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632252                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632252                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632252                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258820                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258820                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632252                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005570                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3896524                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3896524                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4217246                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3896524                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1610532                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1604108                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3896524                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034329                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3836354                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3836354                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4061191                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3836354                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1556500                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1549262                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3836354                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033799                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3869653                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3869653                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4159180                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3869653                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1547351                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1538521                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3869653                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034092                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4018677                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4018677                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4286394                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4018677                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1628131                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1617061                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4018677                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035405                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5891599     27.80%     27.80% |    14234806     67.17%     94.97% |     1066952      5.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21193357                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5891600     27.80%     27.80% |    14234806     67.17%     94.97% |     1066952      5.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21193358                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   219373874                       |   357332139                       |    24541759                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   379743580                       |    57142197                       |     1066955                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.235031                       |   25.102705                       |   23.001746                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   64.455096                       |    4.014259                       |    1.000003                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.369634                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    20.664623                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         49.034257                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002965                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.064732      7.09%      7.09% |    0.064834      7.10%     14.19% |    0.063847      6.99%     21.18% |    0.063481      6.95%     28.13% |    0.154075     16.87%     45.00% |    0.150315     16.46%     61.45% |    0.153938     16.85%     78.31% |    0.150179     16.44%     94.75% |    0.011983      1.31%     96.06% |    0.011989      1.31%     97.38% |    0.011986      1.31%     98.69% |    0.011984      1.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.913343                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022707                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027609                       |    0.000001                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002871                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002872                       |    0.002872                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002874                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005367                       |    0.002839                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002801                       |    0.002664                       |    0.002682                       |    0.002636                       |    0.002647                       |    0.002697                       |    0.002746                       |    0.002830                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002704                       |    0.002726                       |    0.002670                       |    0.002693                       |    0.002782                       |    0.002719                       |    0.002733                       |    0.002754                       |    0.002766                       |    0.003055                       |    0.002738                       |    0.002732                       |    0.002746                       |    0.002749                       |    0.002724                       |    0.002768                       |    0.002836                       |    0.002861                       |    0.002960                       |    0.003142                       |    0.010421                       |    0.010231                       |    0.010231                       |    0.010214                       |    0.000215                       |           0                       |    0.000669                       |    0.001830                       |    0.000146                       |    0.000152                       |    0.000145                       |    0.000150                       |    0.000144                       |    0.000153                       |    0.000133                       |    0.000137                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002820                       |    0.000218                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002980                       |    0.002078                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002745                       |    0.000133                       |    0.003727                       |    0.007520                       |    0.002979                       |           0                       |    0.002891                       |    0.007683                       |           0                       |    0.007977                       |    0.011818                       |    0.003959                       |    0.003584                       |    0.002698                       |    0.000146                       |    0.008294                       |    0.007144                       |    0.011930                       |    0.003583                       |    0.002847                       |    0.000152                       |    0.011045                       |    0.007369                       |    0.004680                       |           0                       |    0.002879                       |    0.007500                       |           0                       |    0.011291                       |    0.007241                       |    0.004887                       |           0                       |    0.002775                       |           0                       |    0.005480                       |    0.003620                       |    0.003352                       |           0                       |    0.002802                       |           0                       |    0.002746                       |    0.002079                       |           0                       |    0.003024                       |           0                       |    0.001389                       |    0.003055                       |    0.002694                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002741                       |    0.000137                       |    0.004027                       |    0.004563                       |    0.007647                       |    0.002646                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002706                       |    0.000145                       |    0.005258                       |    0.009615                       |    0.010405                       |    0.003808                       |    0.032524                       |    0.004549                       |    0.000669                       |    0.005263                       |    0.015149                       |    0.020136                       |    0.005806                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002871                       |    0.001830                       |    0.005418                       |    0.009656                       |    0.015541                       |    0.005779                       |    0.003584                       |    0.002711                       |    0.000150                       |    0.007857                       |    0.007886                       |    0.008540                       |    0.004869                       |           0                       |    0.002757                       |           0                       |    0.002506                       |    0.005453                       |    0.004325                       |    0.003936                       |           0                       |    0.002797                       |           0                       |    0.001262                       |    0.002749                       |    0.002704                       |           0                       |    0.002801                       |           0                       |    0.000465                       |    0.002738                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |    0.002830                       |           0                       |    0.003940                       |    0.003363                       |    0.005120                       |    0.002723                       |           0                       |    0.002978                       |    0.007500                       |           0                       |    0.003084                       |    0.007972                       |    0.009817                       |    0.002741                       |    0.003583                       |    0.002684                       |    0.000144                       |    0.018462                       |    0.008282                       |    0.005465                       |    0.002816                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002712                       |    0.000153                       |    0.003724                       |    0.011136                       |    0.006184                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.003075                       |    0.007493                       |           0                       |    0.004010                       |    0.011531                       |    0.006516                       |    0.002778                       |           0                       |    0.002751                       |           0                       |    0.001631                       |    0.005450                       |    0.003257                       |    0.002814                       |           0                       |    0.002800                       |           0                       |    0.000358                       |    0.002724                       |    0.002803                       |           0                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002732                       |           0                       |    0.002723                       |           0                       |    0.001791                       |           0                       |    0.004954                       |           0                       |    0.002741                       |           0                       |    0.003691                       |    0.001344                       |    0.006158                       |           0                       |    0.002816                       |           0                       |    0.009025                       |    0.003546                       |    0.003205                       |           0                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.001797                       |    0.006836                       |    0.003350                       |           0                       |    0.002778                       |           0                       |    0.005546                       |    0.006059                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002814                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005522                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002803                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002768                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.913343                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5032167                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5032167                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303344                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3441113                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2815064                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.806788                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          351174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30074                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9663037                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55073                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7843915                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103621                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9718110                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7947536                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17506952                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158694                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17665646                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3860037                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3869490                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3860037                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3869490                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                109945315                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14585250                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29427063                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5032167                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3166238                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90344691                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       166169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       239626                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       322306                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3859404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154070                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106144948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.510047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         95950169     90.40%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1547776      1.46%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           828137      0.78%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           759205      0.72%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           816540      0.77%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           862338      0.81%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           736230      0.69%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           494404      0.47%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4150149      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106144948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045770                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267652                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9291199                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89093555                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4708729                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2708321                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343137                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       50468146                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343137                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10427638                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51618542                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7435057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6168602                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30151965                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49127578                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2061005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     51407071                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     120995942                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75263249                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      40970383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10436660                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198375                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          18486474                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4920702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8110024                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       627034                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       465117                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           47885770                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       275848                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50594507                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215501                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7781913                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12493777                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67858                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106144948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85889726     80.92%     80.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7473329      7.04%     87.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5388415      5.08%     93.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2397320      2.26%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2046312      1.93%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1510672      1.42%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878502      0.83%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342608      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218064      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106144948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106604     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680203     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90845     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235513      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      32484665     64.21%     64.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9808444     19.39%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7982805     15.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50594507                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.460179                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877652                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017347                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    208427031                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55950926                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44505396                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       51236603                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       812253                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175249                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2686                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7738                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512489                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5762933                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343137                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4579161                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44961992                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48161618                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4920702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8110024                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       266751                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          71935                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816736                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7738                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134141                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224853                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       358994                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50081339                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9655997                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17509324                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3818707                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7853327                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.455511                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               44585381                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              44505430                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          24832684                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40304113                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.404796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.616133                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8005221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       207990                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316635                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    104868285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.197801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89202352     85.06%     85.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5560300      5.30%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5130268      4.89%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1970443      1.88%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       969137      0.92%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       332682      0.32%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219238      0.21%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311428      0.30%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1172437      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    104868285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     22639214                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40147043                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11342976                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3745449                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3444876                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39796410                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       274278                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     28612306     71.27%     71.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.13%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3745449      9.33%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7597527     18.92%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40147043                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1172437                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            151759920                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            97586569                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84793                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3800367                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            22639214                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40147043                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.856410                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.856410                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.205913                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.205913                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78071637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        32516899                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19131842                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12898569                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        25725235                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1474258500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1474258500.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3273346                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        77.749840                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       36.504755                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      144.698372                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2842991     86.85%     86.85% |      155115      4.74%     91.59% |       97038      2.96%     94.56% |       65407      2.00%     96.55% |       46769      1.43%     97.98% |       35014      1.07%     99.05% |       20257      0.62%     99.67% |        9765      0.30%     99.97% |         990      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3273346                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3763188                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.847988                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.400088                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.751817                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3739702     99.38%     99.38% |       17878      0.48%     99.85% |        3692      0.10%     99.95% |        1303      0.03%     99.98% |         384      0.01%     99.99% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3763188                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15747                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.142821                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.796643                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.257042                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         556      3.53%      3.53% |        1943     12.34%     15.87% |        7191     45.67%     61.54% |        3595     22.83%     84.37% |        2413     15.32%     99.69% |          39      0.25%     99.94% |          10      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15747                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3990113                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           76.155439                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.179034                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         295.145976                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3884332     97.35%     97.35% |       89006      2.23%     99.58% |       14877      0.37%     99.95% |        1718      0.04%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3990113                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3523577                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001008                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000870                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.031783                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3520029     99.90%     99.90% |        3543      0.10%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3523577                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466536                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     628.664290                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    319.326782                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    631.938424                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      360755     77.33%     77.33% |       89006     19.08%     96.40% |       14877      3.19%     99.59% |        1718      0.37%     99.96% |         170      0.04%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466536                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7845641                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           39.471560                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.207109                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         195.940674                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7761556     98.93%     98.93% |       69981      0.89%     99.82% |       12718      0.16%     99.98% |        1274      0.02%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7845641                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7271255                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000214                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000185                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.014641                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7269696     99.98%     99.98% |        1559      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7271255                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574386                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     501.168845                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    303.950889                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    542.596298                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      490301     85.36%     85.36% |       69981     12.18%     97.54% |       12718      2.21%     99.76% |        1274      0.22%     99.98% |         110      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574386                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3852995                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.667239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.328055                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      19.121591                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3852681     99.99%     99.99% |         256      0.01%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3852995                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3728896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3728889    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3728896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124099                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.811707                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.233663                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    68.667948                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123785     99.75%     99.75% |         256      0.21%     99.95% |          26      0.02%     99.97% |          13      0.01%     99.98% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124099                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167088                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.798819                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805192                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    33.311215                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      167049     99.98%     99.98% |          35      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167088                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154930                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154838     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154930                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    96.428936                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.563169                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.596564                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       12119     99.68%     99.68% |          35      0.29%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         9163                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1009681                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        66744                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     4243                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     8055                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    14791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    37285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     4239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     8127                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    14764                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    37270                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     4234                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     8096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   14736                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   37254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    4208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    8064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   14736                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   37303                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    4252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    8060                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   14754                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   37314                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    4244                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    8087                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   14737                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   37310                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    4225                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    8079                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   14768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   37201                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    4247                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    8073                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   14750                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   37267                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    553                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    921                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2427                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                    481                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    948                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   2442                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    278                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  2409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   259                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   548                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   958                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  2398                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   521                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   975                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   286                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                   529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  2511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   265                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                   962                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  2445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3039                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     3242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     5408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    12371                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3017                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     3204                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     5356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    12334                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     3059                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     3260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    5438                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   12400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    3032                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    3253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    5401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   12333                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    3047                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    3271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    5449                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   12359                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    3022                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    3230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    5408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   12260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    3119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    3289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    5484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   12489                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    3087                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    3293                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    5474                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   12446                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                4511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  120446                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  134689                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  289759                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  668093                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  111627                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  121657                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  266394                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  641171                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                  119572                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  126437                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 291343                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 677650                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 110484                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 114203                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 283648                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               31480210                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               30944996                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               30955970                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31118015                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               31497557                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30938035                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               30945177                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31111778                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31468196                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30958145                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30976043                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31132828                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31569230                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               30951809                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30965341                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               31136124                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31532752                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4319                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4319                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 4042                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 8091                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                22681                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 4068                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 8095                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                22658                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 4053                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                8053                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               22640                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 165                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                4045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                8069                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               22675                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                 175                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                4046                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                8064                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               22696                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                 171                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                4048                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                8056                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               22679                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                 166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                4038                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                8074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               22603                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                 174                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                4038                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                8064                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               22642                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                278                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                517                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1479                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                252                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                513                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1502                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                267                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               555                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1520                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               275                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               539                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              1485                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                17                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               274                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               544                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses              1464                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               272                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               552                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              1481                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               282                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               534                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses              1557                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               282                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               544                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses              1518                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                4077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                6700                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               14604                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4070                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                4059                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6669                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               14612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                4067                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                4043                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               6683                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              14614                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4043                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4019                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               6667                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              14628                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               6690                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits              14618                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               4073                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               4039                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               6681                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              14631                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               4059                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               4041                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               6694                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits              14598                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               4073                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               4035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               6686                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits              14625                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               243                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               275                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               404                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               948                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               250                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               229                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               435                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               940                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               253                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               245                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              421                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses              938                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              277                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              269                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              437                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              924                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              242                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              274                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              414                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses              934                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              247                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              249                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              423                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses              921                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              260                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              247                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              410                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              954                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              247                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              253                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              418                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses              927                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 223165                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 328591                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 727542                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1504193                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 223071                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 320423                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 716909                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1454469                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 225084                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 315364                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                726414                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1490972                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                222940                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                322663                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                720535                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1466609                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                221327                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                322155                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                726614                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1483494                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                223056                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                321243                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                741452                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1480429                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                226658                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                319120                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                715003                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1512057                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                221035                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                318505                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                727064                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1500831                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 22084                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                129926                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                675043                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1408759                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 18956                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                148983                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                667352                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1360906                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 19023                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                141940                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               674831                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1392501                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                21477                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               150054                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               669546                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1375391                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                15125                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               145195                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               677226                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1384327                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                14933                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               146833                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               689388                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1385467                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                20848                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               137288                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               647742                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1414597                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                16147                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               148188                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               673633                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1402297                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             119111                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             436595                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             119869                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             414216                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             119383                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             433301                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            120760                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            420142                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            122128                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            435520                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            120402                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            434263                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            118907                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            437999                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            119573                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            439361                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               401687                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               264213                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               427821                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               681155                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               410952                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               251355                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               412288                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               636391                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               416741                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               233665                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              417000                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              670426                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              402790                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              237134                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              411613                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              643314                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              401265                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              230812                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              412774                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              674390                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              411950                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              235564                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              415640                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              659738                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              412836                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              229018                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              450492                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              701173                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              395300                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              224697                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              414694                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              690589                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            22084                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           129926                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           675043                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1408759                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            18956                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           148983                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           667352                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1360906                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            19023                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           141940                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          674831                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1392501                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           21477                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          150054                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          669546                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1375391                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           15125                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          145195                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          677226                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1384327                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           14933                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          146833                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          689388                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1385467                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           20848                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          137288                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          647742                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1414597                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           16147                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          148188                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          673633                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1402297                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          184792                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          226797                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          427821                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          681155                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          187743                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          227543                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          412288                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          636391                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          190226                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          215863                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         417000                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         670426                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         183979                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         215264                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         411613                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         643314                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         186652                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         219537                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         412774                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         674390                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         189664                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         219147                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         411763                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         659738                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         188686                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         214828                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         438486                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         701173                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         187988                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         215031                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         414694                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         690589                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             205789                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             295608                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             712996                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1472465                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             205104                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             297455                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             701613                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1422741                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             207480                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             290129                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            711118                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1459244                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            204699                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            289082                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            705239                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1434881                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            201393                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            292199                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            711318                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1451766                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            203744                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            290327                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            727790                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1448701                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            208805                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            293060                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            699707                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1480329                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            202012                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            295978                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            711768                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1469103                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              404                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              357                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              419                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110783977                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110956261                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111334977                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110783973                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110956257                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111334973                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110783979                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110956263                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111334979                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110783975                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110956259                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111334975                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110783984                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110956268                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111334984                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110783980                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110956264                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111334980                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110783996                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110956280                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111334996                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110783992                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110956276                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111334992                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1500158                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1575881                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1760995                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2152471                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1500180                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1575913                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1760016                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2132154                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1501168                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1564749                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1754479                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2128792                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1498962                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles          316406                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1767212                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2145135                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1503736                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1575141                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         1760018                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2139824                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1505068                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1570338                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1770621                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2140926                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1505024                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles          311790                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         1754534                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2157117                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1504475                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1573099                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles          717597                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2152069                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0                79                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               154                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               647                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               137                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0                82                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               139                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              269                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              660                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               87                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              268                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              654                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              151                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              646                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0               78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               82                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              659                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              267                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              667                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              4013                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1249                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1199                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1995                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4071                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1204                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1156                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             4012                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1160                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1974                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             4050                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1934                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             4011                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             1241                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1185                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1974                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             4120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             1138                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1896                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             3961                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1907                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             3957                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               683                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1603                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               770                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1691                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5092                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               681                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1602                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             4564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               59                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              755                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             4968                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               59                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              659                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1629                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             4582                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               59                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              694                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1786                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             5129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              518                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3981                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               60                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              554                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1450                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             4122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           53418                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           75136                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          168359                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          484604                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           44374                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           63961                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          153576                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          452672                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles           56334                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles           73812                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         176556                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         486283                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles          45488                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          61704                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         169898                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         455402                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles          53528                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles          72032                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles         178439                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles         488072                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles          46704                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles          61314                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles         166656                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         451032                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles          72843                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles          90456                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles         191923                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles         565196                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles          68200                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          87156                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles         191032                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles         528758                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197389     25.35%     25.35% |      193869     24.90%     50.25% |      193871     24.90%     75.14% |      193550     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778679                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119826     25.55%     25.55% |      116416     24.82%     50.37% |      116420     24.82%     75.19% |      116390     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       469052                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197413     25.35%     25.35% |      193869     24.90%     50.25% |      193871     24.90%     75.14% |      193550     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778703                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125717     25.52%     25.52% |      122319     24.83%     50.35% |      122323     24.83%     75.18% |      122293     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       492652                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69371     25.06%     25.06% |       69261     25.02%     50.07% |       69259     25.02%     75.09% |       68968     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       276859                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197389     25.35%     25.35% |      193869     24.90%     50.25% |      193871     24.90%     75.14% |      193550     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778679                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119582     25.54%     25.54% |      116239     24.82%     50.36% |      116243     24.82%     75.18% |      116213     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468277                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69371     25.06%     25.06% |       69261     25.02%     50.07% |       69259     25.02%     75.09% |       68968     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       276859                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197389     25.35%     25.35% |      193869     24.90%     50.25% |      193871     24.90%     75.14% |      193550     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778679                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119582     25.54%     25.54% |      116239     24.82%     50.36% |      116243     24.82%     75.18% |      116213     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468277                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3693867     92.55%     92.55% |          48      0.00%     92.55% |       37187      0.93%     93.48% |       37186      0.93%     94.41% |       37187      0.93%     95.34% |       37186      0.93%     96.27% |       37185      0.93%     97.21% |       37185      0.93%     98.14% |       37186      0.93%     99.07% |       37185      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3991402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3853053    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3853053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7764379     96.88%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |       31219      0.39%     97.27% |       31223      0.39%     97.66% |       31226      0.39%     98.05% |       31227      0.39%     98.44% |       31224      0.39%     98.83% |       31226      0.39%     99.22% |       31224      0.39%     99.61% |       31226      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8014174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15273     98.33%     98.33% |          48      0.31%     98.64% |           9      0.06%     98.69% |          23      0.15%     98.84% |          19      0.12%     98.96% |          24      0.15%     99.12% |          11      0.07%     99.19% |          36      0.23%     99.42% |          42      0.27%     99.69% |          48      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630982     53.93%     53.93% |           0      0.00%     53.93% |       67382      5.76%     59.69% |       67368      5.76%     65.44% |       67389      5.76%     71.20% |       67386      5.76%     76.96% |       67376      5.76%     82.72% |       67385      5.76%     88.48% |       67382      5.76%     94.24% |       67389      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1170039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      7.69%      7.69% |           6      9.23%     16.92% |           9     13.85%     30.77% |           4      6.15%     36.92% |           4      6.15%     43.08% |           7     10.77%     53.85% |          15     23.08%     76.92% |          15     23.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     54.36%     54.36% |           2      1.34%     55.70% |           4      2.68%     58.39% |          12      8.05%     66.44% |           3      2.01%     68.46% |           5      3.36%     71.81% |           3      2.01%     73.83% |           9      6.04%     79.87% |          18     12.08%     91.95% |          12      8.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169723     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36850      7.93%     44.48% |       36846      7.93%     52.42% |       36850      7.93%     60.35% |       36838      7.93%     68.28% |       36841      7.93%     76.21% |       36833      7.93%     84.14% |       36833      7.93%     92.07% |       36824      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.34%      1.34% |           8      5.37%      6.71% |           5      3.36%     10.07% |          10      6.71%     16.78% |          16     10.74%     27.52% |          18     12.08%     39.60% |           8      5.37%     44.97% |          26     17.45%     62.42% |          23     15.44%     77.85% |          33     22.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464303     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       31031      4.35%     69.51% |       31017      4.35%     73.87% |       31032      4.35%     78.22% |       31036      4.36%     82.58% |       31027      4.35%     86.93% |       31036      4.36%     91.29% |       31038      4.36%     95.64% |       31043      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506186     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67360      6.45%     54.89% |       67332      6.44%     61.33% |       67359      6.45%     67.78% |       67352      6.45%     74.22% |       67349      6.45%     80.67% |       67340      6.44%     87.11% |       67325      6.44%     93.56% |       67325      6.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1044928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170797     36.68%     36.68% |          23      0.00%     36.68% |       36855      7.91%     44.60% |       36857      7.91%     52.51% |       36866      7.92%     60.43% |       36857      7.91%     68.34% |       36849      7.91%     76.25% |       36860      7.92%     84.17% |       36857      7.91%     92.08% |       36860      7.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338256     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31031      5.29%     62.96% |       31016      5.29%     68.25% |       31032      5.29%     73.54% |       31035      5.29%     78.83% |       31027      5.29%     84.12% |       31035      5.29%     89.42% |       31037      5.29%     94.71% |       31040      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     98.15%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |           9      0.08%     98.23% |          23      0.20%     98.43% |          19      0.17%     98.60% |          24      0.21%     98.81% |          11      0.10%     98.90% |          36      0.31%     99.22% |          42      0.37%     99.58% |          48      0.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         830     97.08%     97.08% |          25      2.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1408    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          46    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         843     92.84%     92.84% |           0      0.00%     92.84% |           5      0.55%     93.39% |           6      0.66%     94.05% |           9      0.99%     95.04% |           4      0.44%     95.48% |           4      0.44%     95.93% |           7      0.77%     96.70% |          15      1.65%     98.35% |          15      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           2      0.01%     99.85% |           5      0.02%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           6      0.03%     99.91% |           8      0.04%     99.95% |          11      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3728896    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3728896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2321     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           9      0.01%     99.84% |          23      0.02%     99.86% |          18      0.01%     99.87% |          24      0.02%     99.89% |          11      0.01%     99.90% |          36      0.03%     99.93% |          42      0.03%     99.96% |          48      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1643234     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |         329      0.02%     99.86% |         327      0.02%     99.88% |         316      0.02%     99.90% |         322      0.02%     99.92% |         335      0.02%     99.94% |         318      0.02%     99.96% |         319      0.02%     99.98% |         313      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1645813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29110    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1507     97.54%     97.54% |          38      2.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139019     32.17%     32.17% |           0      0.00%     32.17% |       36638      8.48%     40.65% |       36670      8.49%     49.13% |       36638      8.48%     57.61% |       36641      8.48%     66.09% |       36647      8.48%     74.57% |       36666      8.48%     83.05% |       36623      8.47%     91.53% |       36621      8.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.99%      2.99% |           4      5.97%      8.96% |          12     17.91%     26.87% |           2      2.99%     29.85% |           5      7.46%     37.31% |           3      4.48%     41.79% |           9     13.43%     55.22% |          18     26.87%     82.09% |          12     17.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           67                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1857138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1857138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7396822     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         187      0.00%     99.98% |         206      0.00%     99.98% |         194      0.00%     99.99% |         192      0.00%     99.99% |         197      0.00%     99.99% |         190      0.00%     99.99% |         187      0.00%    100.00% |         186      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7398361                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367167     59.92%     59.92% |           0      0.00%     59.92% |       30722      5.01%     64.93% |       30662      5.00%     69.94% |       30721      5.01%     74.95% |       30711      5.01%     79.96% |       30702      5.01%     84.97% |       30674      5.01%     89.98% |       30702      5.01%     94.99% |       30704      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       612765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      7.69%      7.69% |           6      9.23%     16.92% |           9     13.85%     30.77% |           4      6.15%     36.92% |           4      6.15%     43.08% |           7     10.77%     53.85% |          15     23.08%     76.92% |          15     23.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         251     88.07%     88.07% |           0      0.00%     88.07% |           8      2.81%     90.88% |           7      2.46%     93.33% |           1      0.35%     93.68% |           6      2.11%     95.79% |          10      3.51%     99.30% |           1      0.35%     99.65% |           0      0.00%     99.65% |           1      0.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169723     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36850      7.93%     44.48% |       36846      7.93%     52.42% |       36850      7.93%     60.35% |       36838      7.93%     68.28% |       36841      7.93%     76.21% |       36833      7.93%     84.14% |       36833      7.93%     92.07% |       36824      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.34%      1.34% |           8      5.37%      6.71% |           5      3.36%     10.07% |          10      6.71%     16.78% |          16     10.74%     27.52% |          18     12.08%     39.60% |           8      5.37%     44.97% |          26     17.45%     62.42% |          23     15.44%     77.85% |          33     22.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126001     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     13.33%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           2     13.33%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338302     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |       31031      5.29%     62.97% |       31016      5.29%     68.25% |       31032      5.29%     73.54% |       31035      5.29%     78.84% |       31027      5.29%     84.13% |       31035      5.29%     89.42% |       31037      5.29%     94.71% |       31040      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1274     98.84%     98.84% |           0      0.00%     98.84% |           3      0.23%     99.07% |           2      0.16%     99.22% |           3      0.23%     99.46% |           2      0.16%     99.61% |           1      0.08%     99.69% |           1      0.08%     99.77% |           2      0.16%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122     97.60%     97.60% |           0      0.00%     97.60% |           1      0.80%     98.40% |           1      0.80%     99.20% |           0      0.00%     99.20% |           0      0.00%     99.20% |           0      0.00%     99.20% |           1      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506186     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67360      6.45%     54.89% |       67332      6.44%     61.33% |       67358      6.45%     67.78% |       67352      6.45%     74.22% |       67349      6.45%     80.67% |       67340      6.44%     87.11% |       67325      6.44%     93.56% |       67325      6.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1044927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3865      3.11%      3.11% |        3801      3.06%      6.18% |        3548      2.86%      9.03% |        3505      2.82%     11.86% |        3572      2.88%     14.74% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3279      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5141      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.86% |        3821      3.08%     36.94% |        3562      2.87%     39.81% |        4325      3.48%     43.29% |        3868      3.12%     46.41% |        3740      3.01%     49.42% |        4116      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.09% |        3673      2.96%     59.05% |        3382      2.72%     61.77% |        3061      2.47%     64.24% |        3703      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3244      2.61%     81.24% |        4615      3.72%     84.96% |        3978      3.20%     88.16% |        5205      4.19%     92.36% |        5070      4.08%     96.44% |        4417      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55083     11.81%     11.81% |       13893      2.98%     14.78% |       12709      2.72%     17.51% |       13622      2.92%     20.43% |       12828      2.75%     23.18% |       12689      2.72%     25.90% |       12288      2.63%     28.53% |       12555      2.69%     31.22% |       12945      2.77%     34.00% |       12815      2.75%     36.74% |       14949      3.20%     39.95% |       13304      2.85%     42.80% |       12850      2.75%     45.55% |       12823      2.75%     48.30% |       12199      2.61%     50.92% |       12582      2.70%     53.61% |       13678      2.93%     56.54% |       12730      2.73%     59.27% |       13094      2.81%     62.08% |       13147      2.82%     64.90% |       13665      2.93%     67.83% |       16805      3.60%     71.43% |       12777      2.74%     74.17% |       12924      2.77%     76.94% |       12858      2.76%     79.69% |       13001      2.79%     82.48% |       12531      2.69%     85.16% |       12243      2.62%     87.79% |       13258      2.84%     90.63% |       12621      2.71%     93.33% |       13602      2.92%     96.25% |       17497      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466565                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22431      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16801      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16979      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16822      2.87%     21.81% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17470      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17609      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.63% |       17677      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17620      3.00%     48.60% |       17849      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18476      3.15%     64.00% |       20245      3.45%     67.45% |       18477      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18405      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18650      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.34% |       19436      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586578                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75583      7.23%      7.23% |       32686      3.13%     10.36% |       29309      2.80%     13.17% |       32199      3.08%     16.25% |       29608      2.83%     19.08% |       29493      2.82%     21.90% |       28903      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30215      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32343      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30336      2.90%     42.17% |       30125      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31307      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.63% |       30754      2.94%     59.57% |       31442      3.01%     62.58% |       31925      3.06%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31060      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31070      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30992      2.97%     84.01% |       30693      2.94%     86.95% |       32509      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33952      3.25%     96.37% |       37940      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1044928                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17852      3.81%      3.81% |       14524      3.10%      6.92% |       14532      3.10%     10.02% |       14517      3.10%     13.12% |       14503      3.10%     16.22% |       14510      3.10%     19.32% |       14522      3.10%     22.42% |       14522      3.10%     25.52% |       14533      3.10%     28.62% |       14540      3.11%     31.73% |       14536      3.10%     34.84% |       14533      3.10%     37.94% |       14517      3.10%     41.04% |       14525      3.10%     44.14% |       14521      3.10%     47.24% |       14513      3.10%     50.34% |       14563      3.11%     53.45% |       14531      3.10%     56.56% |       14538      3.11%     59.66% |       14534      3.10%     62.77% |       14519      3.10%     65.87% |       14542      3.11%     68.97% |       14526      3.10%     72.08% |       14527      3.10%     75.18% |       14541      3.11%     78.29% |       14539      3.11%     81.39% |       14530      3.10%     84.50% |       14526      3.10%     87.60% |       14527      3.10%     90.70% |       14504      3.10%     93.80% |       14516      3.10%     96.90% |       14517      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8858      3.20%      3.20% |        8710      3.14%      6.34% |        8719      3.15%      9.49% |        8660      3.13%     12.62% |        8648      3.12%     15.74% |        8624      3.11%     18.85% |        8635      3.12%     21.97% |        8641      3.12%     25.09% |        8649      3.12%     28.22% |        8688      3.14%     31.35% |        8713      3.15%     34.50% |        8662      3.13%     37.63% |        8688      3.14%     40.76% |        8653      3.12%     43.89% |        8688      3.14%     47.02% |        8627      3.11%     50.14% |        8669      3.13%     53.27% |        8640      3.12%     56.39% |        8636      3.12%     59.51% |        8606      3.11%     62.61% |        8625      3.11%     65.73% |        8647      3.12%     68.85% |        8631      3.12%     71.97% |        8599      3.10%     75.07% |        8633      3.12%     78.19% |        8673      3.13%     81.32% |        8648      3.12%     84.44% |        8586      3.10%     87.54% |        8628      3.12%     90.66% |        8650      3.12%     93.78% |        8611      3.11%     96.89% |        8611      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       276956                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27824      3.57%      3.57% |       24281      3.12%      6.69% |       24298      3.12%      9.81% |       24224      3.11%     12.92% |       24197      3.11%     16.03% |       24180      3.11%     19.14% |       24203      3.11%     22.24% |       24209      3.11%     25.35% |       24228      3.11%     28.46% |       24274      3.12%     31.58% |       24295      3.12%     34.70% |       24241      3.11%     37.81% |       24251      3.11%     40.93% |       24224      3.11%     44.04% |       24255      3.11%     47.15% |       24186      3.11%     50.26% |       24278      3.12%     53.38% |       24217      3.11%     56.49% |       24220      3.11%     59.60% |       24186      3.11%     62.71% |       24190      3.11%     65.81% |       24235      3.11%     68.92% |       24203      3.11%     72.03% |       24172      3.10%     75.14% |       24220      3.11%     78.25% |       24258      3.12%     81.36% |       24224      3.11%     84.47% |       24158      3.10%     87.58% |       24201      3.11%     90.68% |       24200      3.11%     93.79% |       24173      3.10%     96.90% |       24174      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778679                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26800      3.59%      3.59% |       23257      3.12%      6.71% |       23274      3.12%      9.83% |       23200      3.11%     12.94% |       23173      3.11%     16.05% |       23156      3.10%     19.15% |       23179      3.11%     22.26% |       23185      3.11%     25.37% |       23204      3.11%     28.48% |       23250      3.12%     31.60% |       23271      3.12%     34.72% |       23217      3.11%     37.83% |       23227      3.11%     40.94% |       23200      3.11%     44.05% |       23231      3.11%     47.17% |       23162      3.11%     50.27% |       23254      3.12%     53.39% |       23193      3.11%     56.50% |       23196      3.11%     59.61% |       23162      3.11%     62.71% |       23166      3.11%     65.82% |       23211      3.11%     68.93% |       23179      3.11%     72.04% |       23148      3.10%     75.14% |       23196      3.11%     78.25% |       23234      3.11%     81.37% |       23200      3.11%     84.48% |       23134      3.10%     87.58% |       23177      3.11%     90.69% |       23176      3.11%     93.79% |       23149      3.10%     96.90% |       23150      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       745911                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     21.62%     21.62% |           2      0.77%     22.39% |           6      2.32%     24.71% |           5      1.93%     26.64% |           4      1.54%     28.19% |           4      1.54%     29.73% |           4      1.54%     31.27% |           5      1.93%     33.20% |           7      2.70%     35.91% |           4      1.54%     37.45% |           6      2.32%     39.77% |           4      1.54%     41.31% |           5      1.93%     43.24% |           3      1.16%     44.40% |           4      1.54%     45.95% |           3      1.16%     47.10% |           4      1.54%     48.65% |           3      1.16%     49.81% |           9      3.47%     53.28% |          10      3.86%     57.14% |          19      7.34%     64.48% |          19      7.34%     71.81% |           9      3.47%     75.29% |          10      3.86%     79.15% |           7      2.70%     81.85% |           8      3.09%     84.94% |           7      2.70%     87.64% |           9      3.47%     91.12% |           7      2.70%     93.82% |           6      2.32%     96.14% |           7      2.70%     98.84% |           3      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          26     38.24%     38.24% |           0      0.00%     38.24% |           0      0.00%     38.24% |          15     22.06%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |          10     14.71%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |          15     22.06%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           2      2.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           68                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          29     19.08%     19.08% |           2      1.32%     20.39% |           1      0.66%     21.05% |          21     13.82%     34.87% |           3      1.97%     36.84% |           3      1.97%     38.82% |           4      2.63%     41.45% |           3      1.97%     43.42% |           5      3.29%     46.71% |           3      1.97%     48.68% |           2      1.32%     50.00% |           2      1.32%     51.32% |           3      1.97%     53.29% |           3      1.97%     55.26% |           4      2.63%     57.89% |           3      1.97%     59.87% |          13      8.55%     68.42% |           1      0.66%     69.08% |           2      1.32%     70.39% |          15      9.87%     80.26% |           1      0.66%     80.92% |           0      0.00%     80.92% |           1      0.66%     81.58% |           2      1.32%     82.89% |           3      1.97%     84.87% |           5      3.29%     88.16% |           4      2.63%     90.79% |           5      3.29%     94.08% |           3      1.97%     96.05% |           2      1.32%     97.37% |           2      1.32%     98.68% |           2      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         543      3.57%      3.57% |         470      3.09%      6.66% |         465      3.06%      9.72% |         468      3.08%     12.80% |         463      3.05%     15.85% |         456      3.00%     18.85% |         469      3.09%     21.93% |         468      3.08%     25.01% |         459      3.02%     28.03% |         462      3.04%     31.07% |         506      3.33%     34.40% |         485      3.19%     37.59% |         502      3.30%     40.89% |         479      3.15%     44.04% |         498      3.28%     47.32% |         482      3.17%     50.49% |         505      3.32%     53.81% |         486      3.20%     57.01% |         470      3.09%     60.10% |         459      3.02%     63.12% |         437      2.87%     66.00% |         483      3.18%     69.17% |         454      2.99%     72.16% |         444      2.92%     75.08% |         482      3.17%     78.25% |         499      3.28%     81.53% |         487      3.20%     84.74% |         452      2.97%     87.71% |         461      3.03%     90.74% |         474      3.12%     93.86% |         472      3.11%     96.97% |         461      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15201                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          27     18.12%     18.12% |           2      1.34%     19.46% |           1      0.67%     20.13% |          18     12.08%     32.21% |           3      2.01%     34.23% |           3      2.01%     36.24% |           4      2.68%     38.93% |           3      2.01%     40.94% |           5      3.36%     44.30% |           3      2.01%     46.31% |           2      1.34%     47.65% |           2      1.34%     48.99% |           3      2.01%     51.01% |           3      2.01%     53.02% |           4      2.68%     55.70% |           3      2.01%     57.72% |          13      8.72%     66.44% |           1      0.67%     67.11% |           2      1.34%     68.46% |          15     10.07%     78.52% |           1      0.67%     79.19% |           0      0.00%     79.19% |           1      0.67%     79.87% |           2      1.34%     81.21% |           3      2.01%     83.22% |           5      3.36%     86.58% |           4      2.68%     89.26% |           7      4.70%     93.96% |           3      2.01%     95.97% |           2      1.34%     97.32% |           2      1.34%     98.66% |           2      1.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          149                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75919      7.22%      7.22% |       32867      3.13%     10.35% |       29497      2.81%     13.16% |       32398      3.08%     16.24% |       29791      2.83%     19.07% |       29677      2.82%     21.90% |       29084      2.77%     24.66% |       29697      2.83%     27.49% |       30402      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.24% |       32540      3.10%     36.33% |       30868      2.94%     39.27% |       30519      2.90%     42.17% |       30305      2.88%     45.06% |       29599      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.74% |       31508      3.00%     53.74% |       30316      2.88%     56.63% |       30928      2.94%     59.57% |       31639      3.01%     62.58% |       32126      3.06%     65.64% |       37030      3.52%     69.16% |       31249      2.97%     72.13% |       31249      2.97%     75.10% |       31255      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31175      2.97%     84.02% |       30880      2.94%     86.95% |       32691      3.11%     90.07% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34136      3.25%     96.37% |       38129      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051056                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         445      3.29%      3.29% |         421      3.12%      6.41% |         415      3.07%      9.48% |         405      3.00%     12.48% |         411      3.04%     15.52% |         401      2.97%     18.49% |         414      3.06%     21.56% |         417      3.09%     24.64% |         407      3.01%     27.66% |         417      3.09%     30.74% |         443      3.28%     34.02% |         439      3.25%     37.27% |         451      3.34%     40.61% |         429      3.18%     43.79% |         449      3.32%     47.11% |         441      3.26%     50.37% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.96% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         405      3.00%     63.17% |         385      2.85%     66.02% |         409      3.03%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         395      2.92%     74.96% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.43% |         437      3.23%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         415      3.07%     90.71% |         427      3.16%     93.87% |         426      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12404      4.30%      4.30% |        8976      3.11%      7.41% |        8994      3.12%     10.53% |        8929      3.10%     13.62% |        8904      3.09%     16.71% |        8889      3.08%     19.79% |        8896      3.08%     22.88% |        8907      3.09%     25.96% |        8927      3.09%     29.06% |        8960      3.11%     32.16% |        8973      3.11%     35.27% |        8900      3.09%     38.36% |        8909      3.09%     41.45% |        8904      3.09%     44.53% |        8920      3.09%     47.63% |        8863      3.07%     50.70% |        8907      3.09%     53.79% |        8882      3.08%     56.86% |        8890      3.08%     59.95% |        8882      3.08%     63.02% |        8892      3.08%     66.11% |        8903      3.09%     69.19% |        8914      3.09%     72.28% |        8880      3.08%     75.36% |        8886      3.08%     78.44% |        8912      3.09%     81.53% |        8886      3.08%     84.61% |        8865      3.07%     87.68% |        8899      3.08%     90.77% |        8890      3.08%     93.85% |        8852      3.07%     96.92% |        8890      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288485                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14975      3.14%      3.14% |       14884      3.12%      6.26% |       14889      3.12%      9.39% |       14890      3.12%     12.51% |       14882      3.12%     15.63% |       14890      3.12%     18.76% |       14893      3.12%     21.88% |       14885      3.12%     25.00% |       14894      3.12%     28.13% |       14897      3.13%     31.25% |       14879      3.12%     34.37% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14891      3.12%     40.62% |       14891      3.12%     43.75% |       14886      3.12%     46.87% |       14882      3.12%     49.99% |       14921      3.13%     53.12% |       14895      3.12%     56.25% |       14896      3.12%     59.37% |       14899      3.13%     62.50% |       14913      3.13%     65.63% |       14923      3.13%     68.76% |       14885      3.12%     71.88% |       14897      3.13%     75.01% |       14907      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14901      3.13%     84.38% |       14892      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476685                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          10      7.94%      7.94% |           3      2.38%     10.32% |           2      1.59%     11.90% |          10      7.94%     19.84% |           3      2.38%     22.22% |           5      3.97%     26.19% |           6      4.76%     30.95% |           3      2.38%     33.33% |           5      3.97%     37.30% |           3      2.38%     39.68% |           2      1.59%     41.27% |           2      1.59%     42.86% |           4      3.17%     46.03% |           3      2.38%     48.41% |           5      3.97%     52.38% |           3      2.38%     54.76% |          12      9.52%     64.29% |           1      0.79%     65.08% |           3      2.38%     67.46% |           7      5.56%     73.02% |           1      0.79%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           1      0.79%     74.60% |           2      1.59%     76.19% |           4      3.17%     79.37% |           5      3.97%     83.33% |           5      3.97%     87.30% |           6      4.76%     92.06% |           3      2.38%     94.44% |           2      1.59%     96.03% |           2      1.59%     97.62% |           3      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         464      3.43%      3.43% |         421      3.11%      6.54% |         412      3.05%      9.59% |         413      3.05%     12.64% |         412      3.05%     15.68% |         402      2.97%     18.65% |         417      3.08%     21.74% |         416      3.07%     24.81% |         407      3.01%     27.82% |         415      3.07%     30.89% |         445      3.29%     34.18% |         439      3.24%     37.42% |         449      3.32%     40.74% |         429      3.17%     43.91% |         448      3.31%     47.22% |         438      3.24%     50.46% |         449      3.32%     53.78% |         439      3.24%     57.02% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         409      3.02%     63.24% |         385      2.85%     66.08% |         407      3.01%     69.09% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.02% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         437      3.23%     84.75% |         400      2.96%     87.70% |         413      3.05%     90.75% |         425      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13530                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41086     23.34%     23.34% |        4902      2.79%     26.13% |        3701      2.10%     28.23% |        4651      2.64%     30.88% |        3908      2.22%     33.10% |        3715      2.11%     35.21% |        3366      1.91%     37.12% |        3637      2.07%     39.19% |        4005      2.28%     41.46% |        3851      2.19%     43.65% |        5958      3.39%     47.04% |        4398      2.50%     49.53% |        3935      2.24%     51.77% |        3913      2.22%     53.99% |        3254      1.85%     55.84% |        3713      2.11%     57.95% |        4751      2.70%     60.65% |        3841      2.18%     62.83% |        4135      2.35%     65.18% |        4245      2.41%     67.60% |        4771      2.71%     70.31% |        7888      4.48%     74.79% |        3858      2.19%     76.98% |        4039      2.29%     79.28% |        3964      2.25%     81.53% |        4076      2.32%     83.84% |        3637      2.07%     85.91% |        3368      1.91%     87.82% |        4356      2.48%     90.30% |        3729      2.12%     92.42% |        4747      2.70%     95.12% |        8597      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       175995                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7401      6.74%      6.74% |        4099      3.73%     10.48% |        1911      1.74%     12.22% |        3925      3.58%     15.79% |        2097      1.91%     17.70% |        2183      1.99%     19.69% |        1929      1.76%     21.45% |        2268      2.07%     23.51% |        2575      2.35%     25.86% |        2282      2.08%     27.94% |        2730      2.49%     30.42% |        2667      2.43%     32.85% |        2780      2.53%     35.39% |        2597      2.37%     37.75% |        2537      2.31%     40.06% |        2737      2.49%     42.56% |        2915      2.66%     45.21% |        2696      2.46%     47.67% |        2994      2.73%     50.39% |        3610      3.29%     53.68% |        3550      3.23%     56.92% |        5316      4.84%     61.76% |        3592      3.27%     65.03% |        3433      3.13%     68.16% |        3497      3.19%     71.34% |        3353      3.05%     74.40% |        3748      3.41%     77.81% |        3751      3.42%     81.23% |        4549      4.14%     85.37% |        4655      4.24%     89.61% |        5642      5.14%     94.75% |        5760      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109779                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17839      3.81%      3.81% |       14518      3.10%      6.91% |       14526      3.10%     10.02% |       14505      3.10%     13.12% |       14498      3.10%     16.22% |       14503      3.10%     19.31% |       14513      3.10%     22.42% |       14517      3.10%     25.52% |       14527      3.10%     28.62% |       14535      3.11%     31.73% |       14530      3.10%     34.83% |       14529      3.10%     37.94% |       14512      3.10%     41.04% |       14521      3.10%     44.14% |       14515      3.10%     47.24% |       14509      3.10%     50.34% |       14549      3.11%     53.45% |       14528      3.10%     56.56% |       14532      3.11%     59.66% |       14525      3.10%     62.77% |       14516      3.10%     65.87% |       14538      3.11%     68.97% |       14522      3.10%     72.08% |       14524      3.10%     75.18% |       14535      3.11%     78.29% |       14531      3.11%     81.39% |       14522      3.10%     84.50% |       14518      3.10%     87.60% |       14520      3.10%     90.70% |       14498      3.10%     93.80% |       14511      3.10%     96.90% |       14511      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       467977                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8328      3.18%      3.18% |        8246      3.15%      6.33% |        8255      3.15%      9.48% |        8202      3.13%     12.62% |        8189      3.13%     15.74% |        8174      3.12%     18.86% |        8175      3.12%     21.99% |        8177      3.12%     25.11% |        8194      3.13%     28.24% |        8230      3.14%     31.38% |        8209      3.14%     34.52% |        8179      3.12%     37.64% |        8189      3.13%     40.77% |        8178      3.12%     43.89% |        8196      3.13%     47.02% |        8149      3.11%     50.13% |        8177      3.12%     53.26% |        8155      3.11%     56.37% |        8165      3.12%     59.49% |        8146      3.11%     62.60% |        8173      3.12%     65.72% |        8149      3.11%     68.83% |        8173      3.12%     71.96% |        8151      3.11%     75.07% |        8153      3.11%     78.18% |        8179      3.12%     81.31% |        8166      3.12%     84.43% |        8138      3.11%     87.53% |        8170      3.12%     90.65% |        8178      3.12%     93.78% |        8139      3.11%     96.89% |        8155      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       261837                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          27     18.12%     18.12% |           2      1.34%     19.46% |           1      0.67%     20.13% |          18     12.08%     32.21% |           3      2.01%     34.23% |           3      2.01%     36.24% |           4      2.68%     38.93% |           3      2.01%     40.94% |           5      3.36%     44.30% |           3      2.01%     46.31% |           2      1.34%     47.65% |           2      1.34%     48.99% |           3      2.01%     51.01% |           3      2.01%     53.02% |           4      2.68%     55.70% |           3      2.01%     57.72% |          13      8.72%     66.44% |           1      0.67%     67.11% |           2      1.34%     68.46% |          15     10.07%     78.52% |           1      0.67%     79.19% |           0      0.00%     79.19% |           1      0.67%     79.87% |           2      1.34%     81.21% |           3      2.01%     83.22% |           5      3.36%     86.58% |           4      2.68%     89.26% |           7      4.70%     93.96% |           3      2.01%     95.97% |           2      1.34%     97.32% |           2      1.34%     98.66% |           2      1.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          149                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          52     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |          13     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75582      7.23%      7.23% |       32686      3.13%     10.36% |       29309      2.80%     13.17% |       32199      3.08%     16.25% |       29608      2.83%     19.08% |       29493      2.82%     21.90% |       28903      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30215      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32343      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30336      2.90%     42.17% |       30125      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31307      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.63% |       30754      2.94%     59.57% |       31442      3.01%     62.58% |       31925      3.06%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31060      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31070      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30992      2.97%     84.01% |       30693      2.94%     86.95% |       32509      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33952      3.25%     96.37% |       37940      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1044927                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.90%      3.90% |           3      3.90%      7.79% |           4      5.19%     12.99% |           2      2.60%     15.58% |           2      2.60%     18.18% |           2      2.60%     20.78% |           3      3.90%     24.68% |           2      2.60%     27.27% |           1      1.30%     28.57% |           2      2.60%     31.17% |           4      5.19%     36.36% |           2      2.60%     38.96% |           1      1.30%     40.26% |           1      1.30%     41.56% |           1      1.30%     42.86% |           1      1.30%     44.16% |           2      2.60%     46.75% |           2      2.60%     49.35% |           3      3.90%     53.25% |           2      2.60%     55.84% |           2      2.60%     58.44% |           4      5.19%     63.64% |           3      3.90%     67.53% |           1      1.30%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           3      3.90%     75.32% |           3      3.90%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           4      5.19%     87.01% |           4      5.19%     92.21% |           3      3.90%     96.10% |           3      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          66      4.15%      4.15% |          43      2.71%      6.86% |          52      3.27%     10.13% |          45      2.83%     12.96% |          47      2.96%     15.92% |          48      3.02%     18.94% |          43      2.71%     21.65% |          48      3.02%     24.67% |          48      3.02%     27.69% |          43      2.71%     30.40% |          59      3.71%     34.11% |          44      2.77%     36.88% |          50      3.15%     40.03% |          46      2.89%     42.92% |          44      2.77%     45.69% |          40      2.52%     48.21% |          43      2.71%     50.91% |          46      2.89%     53.81% |          39      2.45%     56.26% |          51      3.21%     59.47% |          67      4.22%     63.69% |          91      5.73%     69.41% |          54      3.40%     72.81% |          50      3.15%     75.96% |          50      3.15%     79.11% |          45      2.83%     81.94% |          45      2.83%     84.77% |          48      3.02%     87.79% |          45      2.83%     90.62% |          47      2.96%     93.58% |          49      3.08%     96.66% |          53      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1589                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.70%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           1      3.70%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           2      7.41%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           8     29.63%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |          10     37.04%     81.48% |           2      7.41%     88.89% |           3     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           1      3.45%     10.34% |           0      0.00%     10.34% |           0      0.00%     10.34% |           0      0.00%     10.34% |           0      0.00%     10.34% |           0      0.00%     10.34% |           0      0.00%     10.34% |           1      3.45%     13.79% |           1      3.45%     17.24% |           1      3.45%     20.69% |           1      3.45%     24.14% |           0      0.00%     24.14% |           0      0.00%     24.14% |           1      3.45%     27.59% |           1      3.45%     31.03% |           1      3.45%     34.48% |           1      3.45%     37.93% |           2      6.90%     44.83% |           2      6.90%     51.72% |           1      3.45%     55.17% |           9     31.03%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           0      0.00%     96.55% |           0      0.00%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.76%     11.76% |           0      0.00%     11.76% |           0      0.00%     11.76% |           1      5.88%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |          11     64.71%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26800      3.59%      3.59% |       23257      3.12%      6.71% |       23274      3.12%      9.83% |       23200      3.11%     12.94% |       23173      3.11%     16.05% |       23156      3.10%     19.15% |       23179      3.11%     22.26% |       23185      3.11%     25.37% |       23204      3.11%     28.48% |       23250      3.12%     31.60% |       23271      3.12%     34.72% |       23217      3.11%     37.83% |       23227      3.11%     40.94% |       23200      3.11%     44.05% |       23231      3.11%     47.17% |       23162      3.11%     50.27% |       23254      3.12%     53.39% |       23193      3.11%     56.50% |       23196      3.11%     59.61% |       23162      3.11%     62.71% |       23166      3.11%     65.82% |       23211      3.11%     68.93% |       23179      3.11%     72.04% |       23148      3.10%     75.14% |       23196      3.11%     78.25% |       23234      3.11%     81.37% |       23200      3.11%     84.48% |       23134      3.10%     87.58% |       23177      3.11%     90.69% |       23176      3.11%     93.79% |       23149      3.10%     96.90% |       23150      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       745911                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           3      5.66%     13.21% |           3      5.66%     18.87% |           2      3.77%     22.64% |           2      3.77%     26.42% |           2      3.77%     30.19% |           3      5.66%     35.85% |           3      5.66%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           2      3.77%     47.17% |           3      5.66%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           1      1.89%     58.49% |           1      1.89%     60.38% |           1      1.89%     62.26% |           1      1.89%     64.15% |           2      3.77%     67.92% |           1      1.89%     69.81% |           1      1.89%     71.70% |           0      0.00%     71.70% |           1      1.89%     73.58% |           2      3.77%     77.36% |           1      1.89%     79.25% |           1      1.89%     81.13% |           0      0.00%     81.13% |           2      3.77%     84.91% |           1      1.89%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           1      1.89%     88.68% |           2      3.77%     92.45% |           1      1.89%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      1.03%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           4      4.12%      5.15% |           2      2.06%      7.22% |           1      1.03%      8.25% |           1      1.03%      9.28% |           0      0.00%      9.28% |           2      2.06%     11.34% |           2      2.06%     13.40% |           1      1.03%     14.43% |           3      3.09%     17.53% |           2      2.06%     19.59% |           2      2.06%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           1      1.03%     22.68% |           1      1.03%     23.71% |           5      5.15%     28.87% |           8      8.25%     37.11% |          17     17.53%     54.64% |          17     17.53%     72.16% |           6      6.19%     78.35% |           7      7.22%     85.57% |           2      2.06%     87.63% |           2      2.06%     89.69% |           1      1.03%     90.72% |           2      2.06%     92.78% |           1      1.03%     93.81% |           2      2.06%     95.88% |           3      3.09%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          65      4.36%      4.36% |          43      2.88%      7.24% |          48      3.22%     10.46% |          43      2.88%     13.34% |          46      3.08%     16.42% |          47      3.15%     19.57% |          43      2.88%     22.45% |          46      3.08%     25.54% |          46      3.08%     28.62% |          42      2.82%     31.43% |          56      3.75%     35.19% |          42      2.82%     38.00% |          48      3.22%     41.22% |          46      3.08%     44.30% |          44      2.95%     47.25% |          40      2.68%     49.93% |          42      2.82%     52.75% |          45      3.02%     55.76% |          34      2.28%     58.04% |          43      2.88%     60.92% |          50      3.35%     64.28% |          74      4.96%     69.24% |          48      3.22%     72.45% |          43      2.88%     75.34% |          48      3.22%     78.55% |          43      2.88%     81.43% |          44      2.95%     84.38% |          46      3.08%     87.47% |          44      2.95%     90.42% |          45      3.02%     93.43% |          46      3.08%     96.51% |          52      3.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1492                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          19     51.35%     51.35% |           0      0.00%     51.35% |           0      0.00%     51.35% |           9     24.32%     75.68% |           0      0.00%     75.68% |           0      0.00%     75.68% |           0      0.00%     75.68% |           0      0.00%     75.68% |           0      0.00%     75.68% |           0      0.00%     75.68% |           0      0.00%     75.68% |           0      0.00%     75.68% |           0      0.00%     75.68% |           0      0.00%     75.68% |           0      0.00%     75.68% |           0      0.00%     75.68% |           1      2.70%     78.38% |           0      0.00%     78.38% |           0      0.00%     78.38% |           8     21.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         464      3.43%      3.43% |         421      3.11%      6.54% |         412      3.05%      9.59% |         413      3.05%     12.64% |         412      3.05%     15.68% |         402      2.97%     18.65% |         417      3.08%     21.74% |         416      3.07%     24.81% |         407      3.01%     27.82% |         415      3.07%     30.89% |         445      3.29%     34.18% |         439      3.24%     37.42% |         449      3.32%     40.74% |         429      3.17%     43.91% |         448      3.31%     47.22% |         438      3.24%     50.46% |         449      3.32%     53.78% |         439      3.24%     57.02% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         409      3.02%     63.24% |         385      2.85%     66.08% |         407      3.01%     69.09% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.02% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         437      3.23%     84.75% |         400      2.96%     87.70% |         413      3.05%     90.75% |         425      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13530                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          10      8.70%      8.70% |           2      1.74%     10.43% |           1      0.87%     11.30% |          12     10.43%     21.74% |           3      2.61%     24.35% |           3      2.61%     26.96% |           4      3.48%     30.43% |           3      2.61%     33.04% |           5      4.35%     37.39% |           3      2.61%     40.00% |           2      1.74%     41.74% |           2      1.74%     43.48% |           3      2.61%     46.09% |           3      2.61%     48.70% |           4      3.48%     52.17% |           3      2.61%     54.78% |          12     10.43%     65.22% |           1      0.87%     66.09% |           2      1.74%     67.83% |           7      6.09%     73.91% |           1      0.87%     74.78% |           0      0.00%     74.78% |           1      0.87%     75.65% |           2      1.74%     77.39% |           3      2.61%     80.00% |           5      4.35%     84.35% |           4      3.48%     87.83% |           5      4.35%     92.17% |           3      2.61%     94.78% |           2      1.74%     96.52% |           2      1.74%     98.26% |           2      1.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          10      7.94%      7.94% |           3      2.38%     10.32% |           2      1.59%     11.90% |          10      7.94%     19.84% |           3      2.38%     22.22% |           5      3.97%     26.19% |           6      4.76%     30.95% |           3      2.38%     33.33% |           5      3.97%     37.30% |           3      2.38%     39.68% |           2      1.59%     41.27% |           2      1.59%     42.86% |           4      3.17%     46.03% |           3      2.38%     48.41% |           5      3.97%     52.38% |           3      2.38%     54.76% |          12      9.52%     64.29% |           1      0.79%     65.08% |           3      2.38%     67.46% |           7      5.56%     73.02% |           1      0.79%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           1      0.79%     74.60% |           2      1.59%     76.19% |           4      3.17%     79.37% |           5      3.97%     83.33% |           5      3.97%     87.30% |           6      4.76%     92.06% |           3      2.38%     94.44% |           2      1.59%     96.03% |           2      1.59%     97.62% |           3      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12402      4.30%      4.30% |        8976      3.11%      7.41% |        8994      3.12%     10.53% |        8929      3.10%     13.62% |        8904      3.09%     16.71% |        8889      3.08%     19.79% |        8896      3.08%     22.87% |        8907      3.09%     25.96% |        8927      3.09%     29.06% |        8960      3.11%     32.16% |        8973      3.11%     35.27% |        8900      3.09%     38.36% |        8909      3.09%     41.45% |        8904      3.09%     44.53% |        8920      3.09%     47.62% |        8863      3.07%     50.70% |        8907      3.09%     53.78% |        8882      3.08%     56.86% |        8890      3.08%     59.95% |        8882      3.08%     63.02% |        8892      3.08%     66.11% |        8903      3.09%     69.19% |        8914      3.09%     72.28% |        8880      3.08%     75.36% |        8886      3.08%     78.44% |        8912      3.09%     81.53% |        8886      3.08%     84.61% |        8865      3.07%     87.68% |        8899      3.08%     90.77% |        8890      3.08%     93.85% |        8852      3.07%     96.92% |        8890      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288483                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         447      3.31%      3.31% |         421      3.12%      6.42% |         415      3.07%      9.50% |         405      3.00%     12.49% |         411      3.04%     15.54% |         401      2.97%     18.50% |         414      3.06%     21.57% |         417      3.09%     24.65% |         407      3.01%     27.67% |         417      3.09%     30.75% |         443      3.28%     34.03% |         439      3.25%     37.28% |         451      3.34%     40.62% |         429      3.18%     43.79% |         449      3.32%     47.12% |         441      3.26%     50.38% |         450      3.33%     53.71% |         440      3.26%     56.97% |         434      3.21%     60.18% |         405      3.00%     63.18% |         385      2.85%     66.03% |         409      3.03%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.92%     74.97% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.44% |         437      3.23%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         415      3.07%     90.71% |         427      3.16%     93.87% |         426      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13511                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14975      3.14%      3.14% |       14884      3.12%      6.26% |       14889      3.12%      9.39% |       14890      3.12%     12.51% |       14882      3.12%     15.63% |       14890      3.12%     18.76% |       14893      3.12%     21.88% |       14885      3.12%     25.00% |       14894      3.12%     28.13% |       14897      3.13%     31.25% |       14879      3.12%     34.37% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14891      3.12%     40.62% |       14891      3.12%     43.75% |       14886      3.12%     46.87% |       14882      3.12%     49.99% |       14921      3.13%     53.12% |       14895      3.12%     56.25% |       14896      3.12%     59.37% |       14899      3.13%     62.50% |       14913      3.13%     65.63% |       14923      3.13%     68.76% |       14885      3.12%     71.88% |       14897      3.13%     75.01% |       14907      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14901      3.13%     84.38% |       14892      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476685                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75916      7.22%      7.22% |       32861      3.13%     10.35% |       29495      2.81%     13.16% |       32395      3.08%     16.24% |       29791      2.83%     19.07% |       29677      2.82%     21.90% |       29084      2.77%     24.66% |       29697      2.83%     27.49% |       30401      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.24% |       32540      3.10%     36.33% |       30867      2.94%     39.27% |       30515      2.90%     42.17% |       30305      2.88%     45.06% |       29597      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.74% |       31507      3.00%     53.74% |       30314      2.88%     56.63% |       30915      2.94%     59.57% |       31636      3.01%     62.58% |       32126      3.06%     65.63% |       37030      3.52%     69.16% |       31249      2.97%     72.13% |       31249      2.97%     75.10% |       31254      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31172      2.97%     84.02% |       30876      2.94%     86.95% |       32691      3.11%     90.06% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34136      3.25%     96.37% |       38129      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051007                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.25%      1.25% |           2      2.50%      3.75% |           1      1.25%      5.00% |           3      3.75%      8.75% |           3      3.75%     12.50% |           3      3.75%     16.25% |           4      5.00%     21.25% |           3      3.75%     25.00% |           5      6.25%     31.25% |           3      3.75%     35.00% |           2      2.50%     37.50% |           2      2.50%     40.00% |           3      3.75%     43.75% |           3      3.75%     47.50% |           3      3.75%     51.25% |           3      3.75%     55.00% |           3      3.75%     58.75% |           1      1.25%     60.00% |           2      2.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      1.25%     63.75% |           0      0.00%     63.75% |           1      1.25%     65.00% |           2      2.50%     67.50% |           3      3.75%     71.25% |           5      6.25%     77.50% |           4      5.00%     82.50% |           5      6.25%     88.75% |           3      3.75%     92.50% |           2      2.50%     95.00% |           2      2.50%     97.50% |           2      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          25     38.46%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |          13     20.00%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |          10     15.38%     73.85% |           0      0.00%     73.85% |           0      0.00%     73.85% |          15     23.08%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           2      3.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          26     17.93%     17.93% |           2      1.38%     19.31% |           1      0.69%     20.00% |          16     11.03%     31.03% |           3      2.07%     33.10% |           3      2.07%     35.17% |           4      2.76%     37.93% |           3      2.07%     40.00% |           5      3.45%     43.45% |           3      2.07%     45.52% |           2      1.38%     46.90% |           2      1.38%     48.28% |           3      2.07%     50.34% |           3      2.07%     52.41% |           3      2.07%     54.48% |           3      2.07%     56.55% |          13      8.97%     65.52% |           1      0.69%     66.21% |           2      1.38%     67.59% |          15     10.34%     77.93% |           1      0.69%     78.62% |           0      0.00%     78.62% |           1      0.69%     79.31% |           2      1.38%     80.69% |           3      2.07%     82.76% |           5      3.45%     86.21% |           4      2.76%     88.97% |           7      4.83%     93.79% |           3      2.07%     95.86% |           2      1.38%     97.24% |           2      1.38%     98.62% |           2      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          145                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       75915     18.28%     18.28% |      207660     50.00%     68.28% |       16527      3.98%     72.26% |       17285      4.16%     76.42% |       16410      3.95%     80.37% |       17061      4.11%     84.48% |       16397      3.95%     88.43% |       17370      4.18%     92.61% |       15151      3.65%     96.26% |       15544      3.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       415320                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       75915     18.28%     18.28% |      207660     50.00%     68.28% |       16527      3.98%     72.26% |       17285      4.16%     76.42% |       16410      3.95%     80.37% |       17061      4.11%     84.48% |       16397      3.95%     88.43% |       17370      4.18%     92.61% |       15151      3.65%     96.26% |       15544      3.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       415320                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       75915     18.28%     18.28% |      207660     50.00%     68.28% |       16527      3.98%     72.26% |       17285      4.16%     76.42% |       16410      3.95%     80.37% |       17061      4.11%     84.48% |       16397      3.95%     88.43% |       17370      4.18%     92.61% |       15151      3.65%     96.26% |       15544      3.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       415320                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       75915     18.28%     18.28% |      207660     50.00%     68.28% |       16527      3.98%     72.26% |       17285      4.16%     76.42% |       16410      3.95%     80.37% |       17061      4.11%     84.48% |       16397      3.95%     88.43% |       17370      4.18%     92.61% |       15151      3.65%     96.26% |       15544      3.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       415320                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
